




We wrote The Black Madonna in 1990, the year after the fall of the Berlin Wall 
and with the Soviet Union in rapid disintegration. The adventure is 
actually written for an agent RPG, but it mutated and became something 
quite different in the encounter with KULT’s reality. The origins can 
be seen in the scenes at the missile base and in the linear structure 
– more Bond than Hellraiser, so to speak. The adaptation to KULT 
ushered in an occult element and placed a historical grid over 
the adventure. The past is extremely present as the Siege of 
Leningrad steps into the present. The combination of KULT 
and an agent movie was somewhat unexpectedly very 
successful. It is fun to see the campaign in print again.
We have often been told that it is hard to write adventures 
for KULT. “Take a peak at The Black Madonna,” we often 
say. It is simple, a tad cartoonish, but makes use of 
historical events to give the story several layers. The 
player characters are not the only ones with dark 
secrets. They are woven into actual reality, and 
using history is a good way of revealing them. On 
the surface it looks as though Archons and Death 
Angels manipulate their prisoners, but they 
are merely reacting to human cruelty and 
man-made catastrophes. As always in KULT 
it is the humans that are the monsters.
Gunilla Jonsson and Michael Petersén


  6  THE BACKGROUND
  7  Leningrad in 1941
12  Four Destinies
13  The Return of the Death Angel
14 
INTRODUCTION
15  Player Characters in the Campaign
19  Tips for the Gamemaster
19  Chain of Events
20  Timeline for the Parasite
22  1. THE KILLERS’ DANCE
23  An Unexpected Meeting
24  The Disease Breaks Out
24  Alexi’s Investigation
24  The Disappearance
27  To Berlin
31  Magda’s Death
32  The Player Characters in Berlin
32  Evil Dreams
33  The Russians Strike
34  Magda’s Background
34  Arnold Weiss
34  The Three Russians
37  The Disease Progresses
37  The Slavic Association
43  The Homes of the Russians
45  Chagidiel’s Dream
45  Pogodin’s Mansion
48  The Killers’ Dance
51  Epilogue
51  In Custody
52  The Slavic Association Strikes Back
53  Chagidiel’s Mark
54  2. SHADOWS FROM THE PAST
55  The Lictor Attacks
56  Occult Studies
56  To the Frankfurt Clinic
62  Natalya Tatlina
62  Discharged Patients
63  Epilogue
4
The Black Madonna

64  3. DARK DREAMS
65  The Dreams of the Wanderer
66  The Dream Clinic
72  Dream Camp S-17
75  The Illusion Shatters
75  Leningrad in the Dream
78  Kalenko’s House in Dream Leningrad
78  Continued Investigations
78  The Red Cross
78  Changing Identities
79  Leningrad
80  Lebnovitz’s Memories
80  Jurij Chazov
81  Other Sources
81  Inferno in the Dream
82  Three Old Acquaintances
83  Pyotr’s Captivity
83  Encounter with the Death Angel
83  Epilogue
84  4. GERMAN AUTUMN
84  Newspaper Headlines
85  Germanische Gemeinschaft
92  Harmann’s Mechanical 
(Weapons Storage)
95  Toxic Café
97  Further Investigations in Germany 
98  5. MOTHER RUSSIA 
99  The Characters in Moscow 
99  Slava
100  General Strelkov
101  A Lictor from the KGB
101  Infiltration of Slava
106  The Lictor’s Plans
107  Nigel Harcombe
109  A Sudden Awakening
110  Air Force Base F3
115  Back to Moscow
116  The Fall of the Incarnate
116  Missile Base M13
122  Epilogue
124  6. TO HELL AND BACK
125  A Period of Recovery
125  The Icon Painter’s Message
125  Leningrad Again
128  The Madonna Incarnates
134  The Calm after the Storm
134  Epilogue
136 
APPENDIX
136  Additional Rules
137  Important NPCs
154  People and Creatures 
5
Contents

The Background
T
he cold pierced my emaciated 
body. The wind swirled along the 
streets, sweeping away the snowy 
sheets covering countless frozen bod-
ies. A twisted, white-grey hand pro-
truded from the icy mass of corpses, 
beckoning to me with crumpled 
fingers. Far away, the artillery thun-
dered. But here, only the wind could 
be heard. The bitter chill dulled all 
other sounds. I stepped through 
the dark doorway, descending the 
stairs. The stove stood cold when I 
entered the small cellar. I saw Yury’s twisted body 
on the floor. Dead. I turned him over to confirm. 
His bony face was grey-white and hollow. Magda 
lay curled up in his lifeless arms. She glanced 
up at me with empty eyes. But she was alive. I 
freed her gently from the deathly embrace and 
lifted her up. She said nothing.
Two ration cards lay inside Yury’s coat. I 
pocketed Yury’s cards for myself, hesitated 
a moment, and then took Magda’s as well. 
She saw me do it, staring accusingly, as if 
she understood I had just signed her death 
warrant. At first, I thought about leaving 
her there, but the reproachful gaze made 
me wrap her in Yury’s coat, place her on his 
sleigh, and take her with me. We crossed the 
Griboyedov Canal and came up Dekabristov 
Street. Two people staggered along the wall 
of the house across the road. A patrol guarded 
the crossing by the Opera House, its stone 
steps covered with frozen corpses.
I passed the enclosure, the sentries on the 
bridge, and then turned left towards Kalenko’s 
house. Two sagging guards stood outside the 
gate. They barely looked at me when I knocked 
on the door. An old man opened it. I placed the 
sleigh with Magda on it in front of the gate and 
stumbled backwards. Those who entered Kalen-
ko’s doors seldom came back out again. The old 
man gave me a toothless grin, lifted the girl with 
one arm as if she were a light package, and then 
shut the gate behind him. I staggered back over 
the bridge through the snowy drizzle.
6
The Background

The Black Madonna begins in the besieged city of Leningrad 
during the Second World War. Cut off by the German Weh-
rmacht for over nine hundred days, hundreds of thousands 
died of starvation and cold. Completely isolated, the popula-
tion endured ceaseless bombing raids and artillery barrages. 
The death and suffering throughout Leningrad brought down 
the boundaries between Inferno and Elysium. This rift in the 
Illusion allowed Chagidiel, the Death Angel, to incarnate.
Chagidiel planned to physically move himself and his Citadel 
to Leningrad, thus recreating his Inferno in our reality. In Len-
ingrad 1941, the Death Angel incarnated into three people. The 
three Incarnates worked to spread insanity and break down 
the human will in order to change the entire city into a portal 
to Inferno. Already teetering on the edge of hell, the amount of 
suffering required to forever transform Leningrad was danger-
ously low.
The three Incarnates focused on children, as children were 
the last humans who allowed their dreams and hopes to die. 
Aided by a former nobleman who had sunk to worshipping 
Chagidiel, they opened an orphanage in the central part of 
the city. There, they exposed their victims to diabolic tortures, 
forcing them to torment each other other and engage in acts 
of cannibalism. The Incarnates raised the dead back to life and 
turned the children into monsters, which were then released 
into the besieged city to steal and kill.
Chagidiel could not recreate hell through his own power, so he 
bestowed his influence onto desperate people. Their insanity 
spread like a disease, breaking through the barrier of death by 
will alone.
However, Chagidiel’s Incarnates were obstructed by the Black 
Madonna – the Archon Binah – who had possessed a certain 
amount of control over Russia for the last two thousand years. 
She viewed the Death Angel as a threat to Leningrad’s stability 
and undermined Chagidiel’s position until he was forced to 
retreat. However, his Incarnates hid within three of the orphan-
age’s children and remained in our world, in the hope a more 
opportune moment would arise.
That opportune moment arrives in 1991, as the crumbling 
Soviet Union is threatened by civil war. The player characters 
are ensnared in the Death Angel’s attempt to once again trans-
form Leningrad (now St. Petersburg) into his personal hell. To 
stop him, they must return to the past and force him back into 
Inferno.
Leningrad in 1941
In 1941, Leningrad is a city of three million inhabitants, and is the 
center of the Soviet Union’s industrial strength. From the splen-
did architecture and monuments at its heart, the city spreads 
outward in enormous neighborhoods of industrial complexes 
and tenement buildings. To the south, the Kirov Works factory 
complex features the rubber-producing Krasny Treugolnik plant, 
as well as the city’s wharves and docks. Several train stations 
connecting rail lines from all directions are located on the out-
skirts of the city.
Founded in 1703 by Peter the Great, St. Petersburg was built at 
the cost of thousands of conscripted workers’ lives, earning it 
the name, “the city built on bones.” By 1709, the city – commonly 
called Piter – had become the capital of the Russian 
Empire and remained so until 1918. It was the central scene for 
the Russian ‘February’ Revolution, but eventually lost its role as 
capital back to Moscow, Russia’s traditional capital.
Between the years 1914–24, the city was called Petrograd. It finally 
received its current name of Leningrad. In the common tongue, it 
is still called Piter.
The 900 Days
The Soviet Union in 1941 bears Stalin’s mark. The dictator has 
cleaned out all opposition, imprisoned real and imaginary ene-
mies, and holds the country in the grip of terror. Major changes 
occurred between 1937 and 1938, as virtually all the city’s leaders 
are exiled to Siberia or killed by firing squad.
On July 22, 1941, Germany invades the Soviet Union. While the 
attack is not unexpected, the Soviet army remains weak, and 
the Germans rapidly drive their way deep into Russia. The Luga 
River forms a demarcation line, 100–150 kilometers south of 
Leningrad. This stalemate continues until the 8th of August when 
the Germans cross the river and advance on the city proper. 
Leningrad’s defenders quickly recognize the threat of a pro-
longed siege. Finnish troops are pressing in from the north, and 
Soviet supply-lines can easily be cut off. On the 18th of July, food 
rationing begins in the city and surrounding areas.
On the 30th of August, the Germans cut off any means of resup-
plying the city. Heavy artillery bombardments and bombings 
become increasingly common in September. On the 8th of Sep-
tember, German forces encircle Leningrad and the city’s central, 
food warehouses are destroyed. Following this, all remaining 
food supplies are distributed across the city. The Germans 
march across the countryside south of Leningrad, where many 
refugees have fled for shelter, and drive them into the city. On 
the 17th of September, the Germans occupy the town of Ligovo, 
located just south of Leningrad. Barbed wire fences, trenches, 
and defensive lines are constructed, while anti-tank barricades 
block the streets.
By November, the lack of food becomes an increasing hardship 
for the people trapped in Leningrad. Rations are reduced to 
one-quarter kilogram of bread per day for workers and one-
eighth kilogram for normal citizens. Soldiers defending the front 
lines receive twice as much. Famine soon sets in.
On November 19th, an ice-road opens across the frozen Lake 
Ladoga, allowing food supplies and munitions to be trans-
ported into the city. However, these meager supplies aren’t 
enough to relieve the rampant starvation. Over one hundred 
thousand people are evacuated from Leningrad over the ‘Road 
of Life’ that winter.
With food supplies at a minimum, most of the city’s pets, rats, 
and crows are eaten within a few weeks. It is a particularly bru-
tal winter and electricity is reduced to the last reserve genera-
tor. People build fires in their small stoves with minimal wood 
rations. They stay indoors, trying to conserve the little energy 
remaining to them. Leningrad becomes a dead city. During the 
coldest winter months, two to three thousand people die each 
day, rising to as many as ten thousand.
Mass graves are dug at the cemeteries, but few possess the 
strength to carry the dead. Bodies are piled up in parks, 
along the streets, and in open fields. The hospitals trans-
form into makeshift morgues. When spring finally arrives, 
the citizens quickly bury their dead to 
7
Leningrad in 1941

avoid widespread illness. Small outbreaks of cholera and 
other diseases emerge, but never reach epidemic levels. 
The casualty rate diminishes during the spring and food 
rations are slightly increased. Although the worst is appar-
ently over, Leningrad’s population has been decimated to 
only a few hundred thousand.
In January of 1943, Soviet forces reclaim the town of 
Schlüßelburg and open a railway line, allowing limited 
train movement and supply shipments into Leningrad. The 
blockade continues until the German forces retreat in Jan-
uary of 1944, but the mass deaths never rise to the levels 
of the siege’s first winter.
Kalenko’s Curse
Originally from Yaroslavl, Josef Kalenko lost his ancestral 
lands due to a heritage dispute. Using his small fortune, he 
relocated the Kalenko family to St. Petersburg in the 1740s. 
For the next three hundred years, the family resided in the 
then Russian capital.
Since the Middle Ages, the Kalenkos had possessed an old 
book written in nearly-incomprehensible, Cyrillic text. 
According to family legend, the book was an antiquity bible 
written in the early-Armenian language. Whenever the 
family encountered any kind of danger, the family patriarch 
would take out the book. While reading chosen passages, 
he would cut his hand and allow the blood to drip on the 
book’s leather binding, where it would soak in and disap-
pear. Without fail, a few hours later, a stranger appeared at 
the house and offered his assistance to the family. After the 
danger passed, the stranger disappeared again. In payment 
for his support, the family granted the stranger some of 
their servants, none of whom were seen again.
In truth, the book was an artifact, proof of the Kalenkos’ 
pact made with Chagidiel, the Death Angel, back in the Dark 
Ages. It was not written in Armenian or Georgian, but rather 
the language spoken by the condemned in Inferno. The 
family patriarch taught his eldest son which phrases to read 
on different occasions, as well as the grim payment Chagi-
diel demanded for his services. Sometimes, the Death Angel 
accepted livestock as his tribute, but typically the Death 
Angel demanded the servants or their children. Occasion-
ally, he required one of the family’s own children.
With Chagidiel’s support, the Kalenkos maintained their 
wealth and privilege following the Russian Revolution. 
Nikolay Kalenko, the family patriarch, received a position in 
the city’s administration. In 1937, he called upon the Death 
Angel’s assistance to avoid Stalin’s purges. The razide who 
protected the family took Nikolay’s daughter in compensa-
tion. He lost a bit of his mind then, and was never quite the 
same.
When the famine began in 1941, Nikolay once again des-
perately turned to the book for help. However, this time the 
answer came not from one of Chagidiel’s lowly servants. 
Instead, the Death Angel himself manifested, as Leningrad’s 
pain and suffering had severely weakened the border 
between our world and Inferno. Nikolay was enslaved by the 
Incarnate and the family slowly destroyed, as his wife and 
daughters were transformed into nepharites for the Death 
Angel’s pleasure.
The Death Angel 
Descends
On September 13, 1941, the German Luftwaffe penetrate Lenin-
grad’s air defenses and heavily bombard the city. Entire neigh-
borhoods are destroyed, hundreds killed, and starvation draws 
horribly closer. Desperate, Nikolay Kalenko decides to use 
family’s cursed Black Bible. Nikolay’s wife and daughters beg 
him not to use the book, reminding him of how the youngest 
daughter disappeared a couple of years earlier. Nikolay suc-
cumbs to Chagidiel’s influence anyway. In secret, he opens 
the book and reads the passage his father once told him was 
the most powerful and dangerous. He drenches the book with 
blood, watching it disappear into the dark, leather binding. 
That night, the moon turns black over the city.
The following morning, a well-dressed man knocks on the 
Kalenkos’ gate. He introduces himself as Ivan Sergeyevich 
Pogodin, a distant relative from Yaroslavl. Nikolay greets him 
with a warm embrace. The rest of the family sense something 
is wrong. They are correct, as Pogodin is actually the incar-
nated Death Angel, Chagidiel.
Pogodin integrates himself into the Kalenkos’ household. He 
uses Nikolay’s contacts to join the city council and administra-
tion. After a couple of weeks, he is assigned as the coordinator 
of wood supplies for the city’s inner areas. He makes contacts 
everywhere and completely takes control over the Kalenko 
family. Nikolay’s wife, Yelena, is put to work in the black mar-
ket, while his daughter, Katya, becomes Pogodin’s mistress. His 
father, Leonid, is thrown out of the house and dies of hunger 
and cold. Over time, Nikolay becomes little more than a whim-
pering servant.
After a couple of months, Chagidiel – as Pogodin – secures his 
position in Leningrad’s city government. He decides to incar-
nate into two additional bodies as well, to wield triple the polit-
ical power during the coming winter crisis. He instructs Kalenko 
how to perform the required ritual, not hiding his glee at how 
it would inflict additional pain to the man. Chagidiel chooses to 
incarnate into and replace Aleksandr Garudin and Yury Ignatiev, 
two prominent party members.
On the evening of October 31, Nikolay invites Garudin and 
Ignatiev to his home and lures them down to the basement, 
where they are chained and handcuffed. He sacrifices his 
daughter Katya to sanctify the basement, smearing her blood 
over the walls and floor. The subsequent ritual involves Garudin 
and Ignatiev being forced to consume the dismembered girl’s 
intestines.
That evening, Kalenko’s basement temple becomes a portal 
between Chagidiel’s Citadel and Leningrad. Razides come 
forth and drag Garudin and Ignatiev away to be torn apart and 
remade as purgatides – eternal prisoners of Inferno. Chagidiel 
himself possesses their bodies, and two new Incarnates are 
born in Leningrad. From that moment forward, Kalenko’s house 
remains an open portal to Inferno.
Aleksandr Garudin is responsible for the care of Leningrad’s 
orphaned children. He renovates Kalenko’s house into one 
of Leningrad’s largest orphanages. Hundreds of children are 
brought to the old house on Vasilyevsky Island. Although they 
receive enough food to survive, they are relentlessly tortured by 
the Incarnates and the surviving Kalenkos, who are now com-
pletely insane.
8
The Background

Yelena Kalenko organizes kidnappings to supply and sell human 
flesh on the black market. Many of the orphanage’s children 
transform into monsters, who nightly stalk Leningrad’s streets 
to steal food, ration cards, and fuel, as well as murder and 
vandalize.
Chagidiel systematically tracks down and kills all the servants of 
other Death Angels and Archons he finds in Leningrad. Through-
out December, unaligned party members and military officers 
are murdered. Empowered by the widespread fear, the Incar-
nates build a strong defense against other entities attempting to 
enter the city and disturb their work.
The Night of 
New Year’s Eve
On the night of New Year’s Eve, 1941, hope aban-
dons Leningrad. The few remaining lights go out in 
churches and cathedrals. On the icons, the faces of 
the saints turn black. Twenty priests are found 
the following day, dead by their own 
hands.
Nikolay Kalenko sacrifices his wife, 
Yelena, to the Death Angel, before 
summoning his two daughters 
from Inferno – where they have 
been tortured for an eternity. The 
three Incarnates transform the dead 
women into nepharites, bound to 
serve Chagidiel.
Chagidiel begins transferring his 
Citadel, and thus his true physical 
shape, to Leningrad. He widens the 
portal in the Kalenko’s basement, 
cracking the Illusion in the central 
city. The Incarnates raise the dead, 
allowing them to roam the streets, 
attacking the Russian troops. They 
are joined by creatures from Inferno, 
which pour out from the Kalenkos’ 
basement.
The Madonna Awakens
Chagidiel can no longer keep his activities secret. The 
Archon Binah becomes aware Inferno is threatening 
to break through into Leningrad. However, she cannot 
penetrate Chagidiel’s defenses nor does she have any lictors 
remaining inside the city. She also instinctively knows children 
are somehow involved.
Unable to physically affect the city, Binah utilizes her ancient 
power as a divine figure to mentally control people in Lenin-
grad, sending them dreams and visions. She eventually finds 
two human agents to serve her purposes; Dimi Nesterov and 
Ivan Chezenko.
The Painter
An icon painter prior to the revolution, Dimi Nesterov worked 
as a doll maker and poster painter for the last twenty years. On 
New Year’s Eve, 1941, Nesterov finds his cousin Yury Solovjev 
dead in a basement by Sadovaya Street. He also discovers his 
cousin’s seven-year-old girl Magda, barely alive. He takes her 
to the orphanage at Kalenko’s house and leaves her there. 
On the way home, he encounters a woman on Lieutenant 
Schmidt Bridge. Her face is hidden behind a wool mask; 
commonly used to protect oneself from the bitter cold.
The woman tells Nesterov he must paint one final icon 
before he dies. “An icon of me,” she says, removing the wool 
mask to reveal obsidian-dark skin. Her face reminds him 
of the Black Virgin images he saw during his childhood in 
the Ukraine. An instant later, the woman disappears into 
the snowy darkness. Shaken, Nesterov returns to his small 
apartment on Kaznacheyskaya Street and starts working on 
the icon of a Black Madonna.
The Man 
in the Cathedral
Ivan Chezenko, a priest, resides in a 16th-century 
cathedral dedicated to Our Lady of Kaptyeno, 
located in Kaptyeno, south of Lenin-
grad. Chezenko refuses to aban-
don it after the rest of the city’s 
suburbs are evacuated. Soon, he 
finds himself trapped in the no 
man’s land between the German 
and Soviet forces. Struck by artil-
lery-fire, the cathedral is partly 
demolished. Soviet soldiers use 
its rooms to inter their dead, 
unable to take them away.
Chezenko prays and waits, 
helping the medics care for the 
wounded. More frequently, he 
finds himself walking among 
the crypts beneath the cathe-
dral. On one trip, he discovers 
a small chapel hidden behind 
rusty, iron bars. It features a 
black iron Madonna statue – a relic 
item of 18th-century pilgrims forgotten 
for more than a century.
It is an image of Binah. The statue allows the 
Archon to contact Chezenko. While the priest 
is sitting in the crypt one night, shaking from 
the cold, the statue comes to life and speaks to 
him. It instructs him to go to Leningrad and to find 
“the children.” The statue reaches through the rusty bars 
and touches the priest’s eyes, temporarily blinding him. 
This allows the Archon to see through Chezenko’s eyes.
Chezenko staggers from the cathedral and into the city, 
unsure if he has been dreaming. Making his way through 
the network of trenches and barbed-wire fences, he even-
tually reaches Kalenko’s orphanage, the largest in Lenin-
grad. He senses something wrong as he approaches, but 
is driven forward by the Archon, who wants to see what is 
inside its gates.
Nikolay Kalenko opens the door for him. He usually never 
admits outsiders, but notices something strange about the 
priest and invites him inside. Entwined with Chagidiel’s 
Citadel in Inferno, Kalenko’s house has transformed into a 
9
Leningrad in 1941

maze of 
torture chambers and prison cells. 
Chezenko is paralyzed from the shock, unable to resist 
when servants drag him away. He is thrown in with the 
children, who are now insane and degenerated, so they 
can kill him. Fortunately, Binah’s protection causes the 
children to fear touching him.
Pogodin is summoned. The Incarnate immediately 
becomes afraid. Although, it cannot see the source of 
Chezenko’s power, it realizes the man is a clear and pres-
ent threat. With a single blow, Pogodin breaks the priest’s 
back and orders him thrown out into the street. Enraged, 
he punishes Nikolay Kalenko for allowing Chezenko inside 
the house.
A Lictor is Born
Ivan Chezenko lies dying in the cold 
snow outside Kalenko’s house. The 
Archon is pleased, having learned 
what she needs. But she does 
not wish to lose Chezenko. She 
sustains his dying body, forcing 
him to drag himself across the 
bridge and to the apartments 
lining Griboyedova Canal. 
He eventually collapses in 
front of Dimi Nesterov’s door, 
begging the Divine for death’s 
blessed release. His pleas go 
unanswered.
Nesterov opens the door and 
discovers Chezenko lying 
outside in the snow. His guilty 
conscience has gnawed at 
him since New Year’s Eve, after 
stealing Magda’s ration cards 
and abandoning her at the orphan-
age. Now, he tries to ease his guilt by 
taking the wounded man inside and laying 
him on the couch.
Frost-bitten and suffering a broken back, 
Chezenko appears to have little hope of sur-
viving. Yet, the Archon desires her new servant 
to live. Much to Nesterov’s amazement, the priest 
recovers over the next few weeks. Blinded by the 
Illusion, he remains unaware of the transformation 
actually taking place before him.
Chezenko, however, is forced to watch as his head and 
body swell obscenely, his hair falls out in clumps, and 
the discolored skin stretches. Even his human feelings 
dull and vanish. After two weeks, his transformation 
is complete and Binah possesses a new lictor inside 
Leningrad.
While Chezenko recovers at Nesterov’s home, Pogo-
din’s men search the city for the priest. Over two hun-
dred people are arrested, tortured, and killed; officially 
­designated as German spies, but actually because of 
their 
connections to Chezenko. Nest-
erov explains to the priest what is going on. As soon as he recovers 
sufficiently enough to walk, Chezenko decides they need to go to the 
cathedral in Kaptyeno.
After leaving Nesterov’s house, Pogodin’s servants catch their scent. 
They’re forced to flee from razides, nepharites, and monstrous chil-
dren on their way to the church. But, once inside the black cathe-
dral, their pursuers can no longer follow.
Now a lictor, Chezenko begins planning to overcome the Death 
Angel. He secretly contacts people of authority, slandering Chagi-
diel’s Incarnates and the Kalenko family. It does not work, as Cha-
gidiel hides his activities by erasing all memories of his existence. 
Party leaders do not understand whom Chezenko is talking about 
and dismiss him as a fool.
Meanwhile, Chagidiel accelerates the process of trans-
ferring his Citadel into our world. Neighborhoods 
around Kalenko’s house become increasingly 
haunted each night, entire buildings 
wavering between the borders of 
Leningrad and Inferno. Citizens are 
no longer aware the area even 
exists, blind to its presence. No one 
remembers Kalenko’s orphanage 
anymore.
Despite the odds against him, 
Chezenko continues fighting the 
Death Angel’s machinations. How-
ever, he cannot approach Kalen-
ko’s house without being captured 
and killed, nor can he move freely 
in the city without risking appre-
hension by Chagidiel’s agents. The 
situation appears futile.
The Madonna 
Incarnates
Dimi Nesterov stays in the cathedral through-
out February. He works on his icon; a task 
demanding several weeks’ worth of work. By 
March, he has almost finished. He notices some-
thing strange with the painting. The icon’s black 
face reminds him of Magda – his cousin’s daughter, 
who he abandoned at the orphanage. Indeed, the lon-
ger he gazes at the icon, the more certain he becomes it’s the 
girl’s face. He goes to the crypt beneath the cathedral, where he 
studies the wrought-iron Madonna statue. Indeed, its features 
are uncannily similar to Magda’s.
Ivan Chezenko becomes thoughtful after Nesterov tells him 
this. He instructs the painter to return to Kalenko’s house and 
get the child back. Nesterov refuses at first, fully aware of 
the danger this task poses. Chezenko reveals his true Lictor 
appearance, threatening Nesterov with horrible punishment if 
he refuses. Terrified, Nesterov obeys and ventures into the city.
Following the deadly winter, the people of Leningrad have 
emerged from their shelters and are cleaning up the ruined 
streets. Bodies are collected and taken to ever-growing mass 
graves at the local cemeteries. Nesterov makes his way to 
10
The Background

Bolshaya Neva and crosses the bridge to Kalenko’s house. He 
notices how the cleaning crews unconsciously avoid the area, 
moving in circles, and behaving as if it did not exist. Nesterov 
approaches a group of women and soldiers who are clearing 
along the river, and explains to them there is a house nearby 
requiring their attention before the temperature rises. Finally, 
he manages to convince the group to accompany him to 
Kalenko’s house.
They enter the area bordering on Inferno and arrive at Kalen-
ko’s house. It is guarded by two men, actually razides in 
human guise. They try to prevent the group from entering, 
but are defeated after a brief fight. Inside the house, Nesterov 
and the others discover Chagidiel’s Citadel has started to fully 
manifest. They are forced into an intense struggle against the 
house’s nightmarish inhabitants. Eventually, Nesterov locates 
Magda, half-dead and barely recognizable. He manages to 
escape from the house with her, but barely understands what 
just happened. Aside from them, only two badly wounded 
women are able to escape the house while the others are left 
behind. The survivors say nothing to each other; simply going 
their separate ways, as if nothing happened.
Nesterov and Magda manage to return to the black cathedral, 
where Chezenko greets them. Magda has been transformed 
into a half-human predator. She fails to recognize Nesterov 
when he tries to calm her. However, she can see through the 
Illusion, allowing her to view Chezenko’s true form.
Meanwhile, Chagidiel becomes aware someone has entered 
his Citadel’s inner rooms. He sends his servants out into 
Leningrad to them hunt down. However, he cannot see the 
black cathedral, which is hidden by the Archon’s power.
Chezenko takes Magda down to the cathedral’s crypt, where 
the black-iron statue waits. He locks the door, leaving her 
in the crypt for three days and nights. She is not frightened, 
simply relieved to have escaped from hell. During the next 
three days, the Archon opens a mental link to the cathedral. 
Magda’s shattered mind allows her to open a portal. On 
the third night, the wall between worlds collapses and the 
Archon’s presence enters the girl’s body. She has become an 
incarnate of the Black Madonna. She breaks the crypt’s door 
into pieces and walks up into the cathedral.
The Death Angel’s 
Escape
Binah’s Incarnate goes to Kalenko’s house, together with 
Chezenko and Nesterov. When they cross Lieutenant Schmidt 
Bridge, Chagidiel senses the Archon approaching. It prepares 
to hide, if it becomes necessary to do so. After they enter 
the house, the Madonna orders Nesterov and Chezenko to 
prevent anyone from leaving the house, even the children. 
The Archon forces the Death Angel’s Citadel out of Lenin-
grad, and then searches for the three Incarnates. But she 
cannot find them. They have hidden themselves inside three 
children, and suppressed their true natures so Binah cannot 
detect them.
Dimi Nesterov does not obey the Archon’s commands. He 
discovers rooms filled with children living in terrible condi-
tions. Sympathetic, he leads as many of them as possible out 
of the house. Among these escapees 
are the three children containing Chagidiel’s Incarnates: Anatoly, 
Sasha, and Filip.
When Chagidiel’s Citadel fades away from Leningrad, Kalenko’s 
house also disappears. The two adjoining houses sides slide 
together, as if there’d never been a house between them. Left 
remaining on the street are Nesterov, Chezenko, and some hun-
dred starved and tortured children. Magda lays nearby, uncon-
scious. Upon awakening, she suffers complete amnesia. The 
Archon has gone.
The children are transported to a temporary camp at St. John’s 
Church. Chezenko purges Leningrad of razides and other creatures 
of Inferno. He enlists additional lictors in the city to regain control 
over the Soviet party. Dimi Nesterov returns to making his figu-
rines, creating a series of dolls with Black Madonna faces.
In January 1943, the railway to Schlüßelburg opens. The children 
are evacuated and end up in a refugee camp outside Moscow.
Camp S-17
Refugee Camp S-17 in Vladykino is located outside Moscow, built 
for civilians escaping from the German offensive. The children 
from Kalenko’s house remain here until after the war ends. Most 
of them are severely psychologically disturbed; several suffer from 
physical changes, so they barely appear human. The camp admin-
istration is frightened by these disfigured, aggressive children, and 
has no idea how to care for them after what they have endured. 
As such, the children are locked in cages and treated like animals. 
Some fall into apathy, while others become aggressive and start 
abusing their comrades, just as they did at Chagidiel’s prompting. 
This alarms the camp administration even further, and the children 
are eventually segregated in a guarded barrack on the camp’s 
perimeter.
The Clinic
Ultimately, the most disturbed children are transferred to a psychi-
atric clinic in Moscow. Dr. Natalya Tatlina, who specializes in war 
injuries in children, operates the clinic. The treatment methods 
are primitive, involving electrical shocks and use of experimental 
drugs. Patients make very little progress in the years following the 
war.
In 1951, the East German government invites Dr. Tatlina to start a 
special mental clinic for the incurably ill in Frankfurt. She accepts 
the offer and brings most of her current patients to Germany, 
including forty-four children from Kalenko’s house. By now, they 
are between 12 and 20 years old. Among the transferred patients 
is Magda, as well as Anatoly, Sasha, and Filip – the three children 
containing Chagidiel’s hidden Incarnates.
In the Frankfurt clinic, some of the children begin exhibiting signs 
of recovery. Although having lost the Archon’s mental strength, 
Magda manages far better than most of them. Anatoly, Sasha, and 
Filip are seriously deformed and incurably insane, but their Incar-
nates remain conscious enough for them to act normally. As such, 
the four children are discharged in 1958, and then move to Berlin. 
At first, they meet together regularly. Later, Magda is repelled by the 
other three, who are becoming increasingly violent as Chagidiel’s 
Incarnates fully awaken.
11
Leningrad in 1941

Four Destinies
Anatoly, Sasha and Filip, all carrying the Death Angel’s Incarnates 
within them, never lose contact with each other. Sometimes, they 
also contact Magda. Their intertwined destinies gradually drag 
the player characters into the campaign’s plot.
Magda Orlova
◊◊In 1958, Magda leaves the mental hospital and moves 
to ­Berlin. While in her mid-twenties, she settles in the 
Prenzlauer­straße district and starts working at an antique 
bookstore specializing in Slavic literature. She often sees 
Anatoly, Sasha and Filip.
◊◊In 1961, she begins a brief relationship with Filip. Together 
with the three friends, Magda participates in the founding of 
the Slavic Association.
◊◊By 1962, Magda’s relationship with Filip enters a destructive 
period; she loses her job and they begin drinking heavily. 
It ends after Filip opens a portal to Inferno, destroying an 
entire apartment building in a huge conflagration. Both of 
them are committed to a mental hospital.
◊◊In 1964, Magda is discharged from the hospital and returns 
to her former job. She marries Lev Orlov, the bookstore’s 
owner, and moves into a large apartment near Spandau-
erstraße. Over the next few years, the couple is frequently 
terrorized by the jealous Filip, who threatens to kill Lev.
◊◊In 1968, Lev is found dead with black boils all over his body. 
Magda is institutionalized from the mental shock.
◊◊In 1971, Magda is discharged and reopens the bookstore. 
She suspects that Filip may have caused Lev’s death, avoid-
ing him – as well as Anatoly and Sasha – at all costs. She 
becomes active in oppositional circuits and writes a book 
about reviving Nazism in East Germany, which receives a lot 
of attention in the West, where it is published.
◊◊In 1972, she is arrested as a threat to national security.
◊◊In 1977, Magda is released from prison and deported to West 
Germany.
◊◊By 1978, she opens a new antique bookstore in West Berlin. 
She occasionally works for West Germany’s intelligence 
service, and studies economics and political science.
◊◊In 1980, she moves to Hamburg. During the 1980s, she earns 
a living as a freelance journalist and political reporter. She 
publishes a thesis on the black market economy in East 
Germany in 1986, which receives some public attention.
◊◊In 1990, she returns to Berlin following the fall of the Berlin 
Wall. There she meets Anton, Sasha, and Filip for the first 
time in fifteen years. They convince her to become active 
in the Slavic Association again. She renews her relationship 
with Filip.
Anton Mahler (Anatoly)
◊◊In 1958, Anatoly leaves the mental hospital and moves to 
Berlin, where he assumes the name Anton Mahler. He lives 
near Alexanderplatz and begins working as a nightshift 
guard in an industrial area belonging to Spandau Werken. 
During the day, he studies and acquires a decent education.
◊◊In 1961, he founds the Slavic Association together with 
Sasha, Filip, and Magda.
◊◊By 1965, he becomes an investigator for the Stasi – East 
Germany’s secret police.
◊◊In 1967, he is investigated on allegations of having tor-
tured and sexually abused prisoners. The case is hushed 
up and no charges are pressed.
◊◊In 1969, he is promoted to department chief within the 
Stasi.
◊◊In 1972, he arranges for Magda’s imprisonment, fearful 
she will cause trouble for him and the other two. He 
arranges for her to be murdered in prison, but she mirac-
ulously escapes death.
◊◊In 1978, he is promoted to Chief of Stasi’s Internal Affairs. 
He becomes interested in black magic and studies under 
Nigel Harcombe, an English death magician living in 
exile. The Slavic Association gradually becomes an occult 
organization.
◊◊In 1984, he begins collaborating with the Germanische 
Gemeinschaft – a German, neopagan organization. He 
functions as a link between neo-Nazis in East and West 
Germany.
◊◊In 1986, he is warned by the Stasi leadership to keep his 
occult activities quiet so he does not damage the organi-
zation’s reputation.
◊◊By 1989, realizing East Germany is collapsing, he leaves 
his post in the Stasi and deletes all files regarding his 
past. He fabricates a new life for himself. Falsified doc-
uments list him as having been an investigator for the 
city’s agricultural administration since the 1960s.
◊◊In 1990, the Incarnate within him fully awakens. Anton 
suffers from nightmares and his old memories resurface. 
He contacts Magda Orlova.
Aleksandr Pogodin 
(Sasha)
◊◊In 1958, Sasha leaves the mental hospital. He moves to 
Berlin where he adopts the surname of Pogodin, the only 
name he remembers from his childhood. Initially, he 
makes his living through petty theft and fencing stolen 
goods.
◊◊In 1961, he participates in the founding of the Slavic 
Association.
◊◊In 1962, he starts fencing on a larger scale for the black 
market. By year’s end, he becomes one of East Berlin’s 
prominent black-marketers. He starts dealing in drugs.
◊◊In the 1970s, he builds a lucrative, criminal organization 
with ties to the Russian mafia. With Anton’s help, he 
avoids intervention from the Stasi and local authorities.
◊◊In 1978, he meets Nigel Harcombe and becomes inter-
ested in black magic.
◊◊In 1990, much of Sasha’s criminal enterprise collapses 
with the fall of the Berlin Wall. The Incarnate awakens, 
plaguing him with nightmares. Suppressed memories 
rise to the surface.
12
The Background

Filip Kramer
◊◊In 1958, Filip leaves the mental hospital. Assuming the surname 
Kramer, he moves to East Berlin, where he ends up living in 
the roughest section of Prenzlauer Berg. He tries to make ends 
meet through begging and petty theft.
◊◊In 1961, he participates in the founding of the Slavic Associa-
tion. He also begins a brief relationship with Magda.
◊◊In 1962, at the end of his turbulent relationship with Magda, 
he successfully opens a portal to Inferno. Twenty-two people 
die in the resulting tenement fire. This tragedy results in Filip’s 
incarceration at a mental hospital. During his hospitalization, 
he meets an insane death magician and becomes interested 
in magic.
◊◊In 1965, after his discharge from the hospital, he discovers 
Magda has married. He becomes tremendously jealous and 
begins stalking her. He starts using heroin and frequently 
experiments with magic rituals.
◊◊In 1968, he murders Magda’s husband, Lev Orlov, with a curse.
◊◊Between 1968 and 1971, he periodically works as an enforcer 
for Sasha Pogodin. He visits Magda in the hospital and tries to 
convince her to forgive him.
◊◊In 1978, he convinces Anton to provide Nigel Harcombe free 
haven in East Berlin. The death magician is wanted in con-
nection to several ritualistic murders across Western Europe.
◊◊During the 1980s, Filip leads a large group of Satanists in East 
Berlin. His heroin addiction becomes increasingly difficult to 
control.
◊◊In 1990, the Incarnate awakens and he begins suffering 
terrible nightmares. As his suppressed memories resurface, 
Filip contacts Magda in an attempt to talk her about them. 
He convinces her to visit him and the others at the Slavic 
Association.
The Return of 
the Death Angel
The Incarnates remain in their dormant hibernation for several 
years, consciously waiting until the Black Madonna’s attention 
has turned elsewhere. They plan to gradually awaken their 
consciousness, as to not warn the Madonna. Then, they will 
engineer events so the bodies hiding them are killed.
Unfortunately, they cannot drive Anton, Sasha, and Filip to sui-
cide without possibly alerting the Madonna. It is more practical 
to arrange events so someone else kills their hosts for them. 
This is where the player characters enter the plot. Chagidiel 
wants to trick them into killing the three host bodies his Incar-
nates reside within.
As the adventure begins, the three Incarnates have recently 
awoken to full consciousness. Through the use of dreams and 
false evidence, they intend to deceive the characters into killing 
Anton, Sasha, and Filip. They frame the three men for the death 
of Magda Orlova after killing her through a mystical disease; 
this is the same illness which soon afflicts the characters. 
Magda has been infected during a magic ritual at the Slavic 
Association. The three Russians do not know they have 
infected her, unaware of the Incarnates’ increasing 
influence over them. Magda unknowingly transmits the 
same infection to the characters, as they are chosen by 
Chagidiel to free his Incarnates.
Over the course of the campaign, the characters 
become aware the three men are highly immoral and 
have committed a number of major crimes. Everything 
directs the characters into fighting back before they end 
up in serious trouble themselves. At the same time, Cha-
gidiel influences the three men with dreams and visions 
of the characters trying to kill them. This leads them to 
believe they must attack the player characters before it is 
too late. Filip knows the characters through Magda.
A magic ritual exists allowing the three Incarnates 
to leave their host bodies without alerting the Black 
Madonna, by utilizing mortal fear and pain. Chagidiel 
wishes to deceive the player characters into performing 
this ritual, thus allowing the Incarnates to be released. If 
the Black Madonna becomes aware of what is transpiring, 
the ritual’s effect deceives her into believing the characters 
are the Incarnates, so she hunts them instead. The ritual is 
written within books found at either Magda’s home or with 
the three Russians.
Chagidiel recognizes how potentially dangerous the player 
characters are to him. He also knows Magda once served 
as the Archon’s tool to foil his plans. Now, he is trying to 
eliminate both threats – Magda and the characters – while 
simultaneously freeing his Incarnates. Once the Incarnates 
have been released, he plans to trick the Black Madonna’s 
lictor into pursuing the player characters. As the characters 
bear Chagidiel’s Mark, the lictor will wrongly believe they 
are the Incarnates’ host bodies. Thus, he diverts the lictor and 
eliminates the player characters simultaneously.
The Incarnates’ Plans
After the Incarnates are set loose through the ritual, they 
begin working toward the physical manifestation of Chagidiel 
and his Citadel in Leningrad. They each follow a different path 
toward achieving this shared goal.
One Incarnate enters the Dream-Inferno, where the dreams of 
the Leningrad children are held captive. These torturous night-
mares continually feed the Death Angel’s power.
Another travels to Russia to prepare a military coup, paving 
the way for Chagidiel’s political takeover. Assuming the name 
Strelkov, he obtains a post as a lieutenant general in the Soviet 
Air Forces, taking control of considerable military resources.
The last and most powerful Incarnate travels to contemporary 
Leningrad. He creates a mystic link between 1941, present day, 
and Inferno. By transporting the war-children from the past 
into the present, he utilizes their suffering to tear down the 
Illusion; thus opening the way for his Citadel to enter Elysium.
To prevent Chagidiel’s Citadel from physically manifesting in 
Leningrad, the player characters must defeat his three Incar-
nates. To stop them, the characters need to free the captive 
children from both Inferno and Dream, as their physical and 
spiritual anguish provides the Incarnates with unspeakable 
power. If they fail, hundreds of thousands of people will be con-
demned to endless torment – as Hell literally comes to Earth.
13
The Return of the Death Angel

Introduction
The World of 1991
The decade of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher has ended. 
We have left behind the big beats, the big hair, and big fashion 
trends, all of which seemed like a good idea at the time.
The Cold War is in its final stretch. President Mikhail Gorbachev, 
leader of the Soviet Union, averts a coup d’etat attempt by com-
munist party hardliners, known as the August Putsch. Although 
unsuccessful, the coup ultimately ends Gorbachev’s attempt at 
political reform, beginning the USSR’s rapid dissolution. Under 
President George H. W. Bush, the United States emerges victo-
rious as the only remaining global superpower. Some political 
scientists, such as Francis Fukuyama, go as far as to proclaim 
this era as “the end of history,” the endpoint of mankind’s ideo-
logical evolution with liberal democracy as its final, crowning 
achievement.
The Persian Gulf War dominates the headlines and television; 
a new kind of war with stealth bombers and computer-guided 
missiles. The HIV/AIDS epidemic seems impossible to contain 
and constantly remains in people’s minds. Following the Roma-
nian Revolution, the world becomes aware of the suffering 
and summary mistreatment of children in the country’s packed 
orphanages.
In the United States, the crack epidemic continues ravag-
ing inner-city communities. The beating of ­Rodney King 
­creates ­headlines 
around the world, raising public concerns about 
the police’s treatment of minorities. Environmental destruction 
gains media attention with the ozone hole, global warming, 
nuclear power plant safety, and oil spills in the news. Mean-
while, people try to tune out the world, losing themselves 
in popular TV shows such as Beverly Hills 90210 and The Jerry 
Springer Show.
In the laboratories, the mysteries of our DNA are being 
unlocked. We gaze toward the heavens, launching both the 
Space Station Freedom and the Hubble Telescope into orbit.
Music is enjoyed on CD, cassette tapes, and vinyl. New, edgy 
styles like alt-rock, grunge, and gangsta rap are moving up the 
charts. Less avant-garde, but overly popular, eurodance and 
europop dominate the airwaves and dancefloors in many parts 
of Europe, gaining international attention. Movies are watched 
in the cinemas or on rented videotapes, as blockbusters like 
Terminator 2: Judgement Day and Ghost capture the world’s 
imagination.
Cell phones exist, but they are rare, prohibitively expensive, 
and as big as bricks. Mobile coverage is limited. Phone booths 
are common, and finding someone’s number requires search-
ing the phone book. The Internet is still an experiment in 
its very early stages. Primitive networks using modems and 
phone lines exist only for the tech savvy and early adopters.
14
Introduction

Germany in 1991
In the aftermath of the Second World War, Germany became a 
divided nation. In the East, the German Democratic Republic was 
a part of the Warsaw Pact, allied with the Soviet Union. In the 
West, the Federal Republic of Germany was part of the precursor 
to the European Union (EU), NATO member, and close ally of the 
United States. Due to social and political change, the East German 
regime started to falter together with the Soviet Union, dissolving 
not long after the Berlin Wall fell in 1989.
Despite its reunification in October 1990, the German nation 
remains torn. The former East Germany is economically on its 
knees, and people divided by two political systems for more than 
40 years must now accept Chancellor Helmut Kohl as their com-
mon leader. Citizens are coming to grips with the dramatic changes, 
as well as struggling with ingrained suspicions, old grudges, and 
an “Us-versus-Them” mentality. But there is also a growing sense of 
hope. Long-separated families are reunited, and Germany is becom-
ing a sovereign nation once more.
Player Characters 
in the Campaign
Instead of using the character creation process detailed in the KULT: 
Divinity Lost core rulebook, players should employ the system pre-
sented below. This is to tie the player characters to the campaign’s set-
ting and theme. A character does not need to be German, but should, 
at the very least, live and work in Germany.
Proceed through the following steps and allow the player to choose 
one option from each category. The options under Family and Rela-
tionship with Magda Orlova are unique to the Black Madonna, and are 
detailed later in this chapter. Each of these options has questions the 
player should answer to further define their character.
[1] Dark Secrets: Choose one Dark Secret from the Black Madonna 
(below).
[2] Occupation: Choose an Occupation from the Black Madonna (p. 16). 
Each Occupation corresponds with an Archetype, as detailed in the 
core rulebook.
[3] Disadvantages: Select 2 Disadvantages from the core rulebook.
[4] Advantages: Select 3 Advantages according to the character’s 
Archetype.
[5] Passive Attributes: Assign the modifiers +2, +1, and +0 to Fortitude, 
Reflexes, and Willpower.
[6] Active Attributes: Assign the modifiers +3, +2, +1, +1, +0, −1, and −2 
to Charisma, Coolness, Intuition, Perception, Reason, Soul, and 
Violence.
[7] Features: Outline the distinguishing features for the 
character’s appearance.
[8] Name: Pick a name.
[9] Family: Choose a family from the Black Madonna (p. 17).
[10] Relationship with Magda Orlova: Choose the char-
acter’s relationship with Magda Orlova from the Black 
Madonna (p. 18).
[11] Possessions: Determine what personal property the 
character owns and their current standard of living.
Dark Secrets
Each player character should possess one Dark Secret from 
the following list.
Broken Childhood
You are the victim of child abuse and suffer from chronic 
nightmares and periods of melancholy. You are plagued by 
the recurring memory of your foster parents trapping you 
inside a dark closet. As the walls closed in, you screamed 
and screamed, clawing your fingers bloody against the 
door – but they did not let you out.
◊◊Have you forgiven your foster parents?
◊◊What marks of abuse do you still have on your body?
Mental Illness
You have suffered psychotic episodes, leading to several 
periods of institutionalization. You now have your regu-
lar medication, but still fear losing your grip on the real 
world. You possess few memories from these mental 
breakdowns. They’re little more than a blur of padded 
cells, horrible creatures, needles and medication, and an 
endless cacophony of screams from suffering children.
◊◊Who knows about your psychotic episodes?
◊◊You always carry your meds with you. What do you 
fear might happen should you lose them?
Secret Past
You were a secret informer for the Stasi and exposed 
“deserters” trying to flee to the West. Now the Berlin Wall 
has fallen, you are afraid your secret could come out 
and people will know you sent entire families to their 
death.
◊◊Who were the innocents you condemned?
◊◊Did anyone you exposed manage to escape? 
Would they seek revenge?
Strange Death
Someone close to you died under mysterious circum-
stances while in Berlin. Your investigations suggest the 
cause of your friend’s death was supernatural. They 
were found with black boils all over their body, and 
before dying they told you they were being followed.
◊◊Why was he/she so important for you?
◊◊Why do you blame yourself?
Movies of 1990–91: Ghost, Pretty Woman, Dances with 
Wolves, Total Recall, Die Hard 2, Terminator 2: Judge-
ment Day, The Silence of the Lambs.
Music of 1990–91: Sinéad O’Connor – Nothing Compares 
2 U, Madonna – Vogue, Roxette – It Must Have Been Love, 
Nirvana – Smells Like Teen Spirit, Ice T – New Jack Hustler, 
C & C Music Factory – Everybody Dance Now, Depeche 
Mode – Violator.
15
Player Characters in the Campaign

Occult Fascination
You possess a deep fixation with the occult. You have read sev-
eral books and obscure articles. Thus far, all the rituals you’ve 
tried to perform have failed. But this has not quenched your 
obsession.
◊◊What sparked your interest in the occult?
◊◊Who has suffered for your obsession?
Guilty
You have committed a crime against a child and are haunted by 
an unbearable guilt.
◊◊Who was the victim?
◊◊What did you do and why?
Addict
You were addicted to heroin, but managed to get clean. You live 
with the guilt of the broken relationships, lies, and the crimes you 
committed while sustaining your addiction. Despite your sobriety, 
the hunger is never silent.
◊◊Who or what saved you?
◊◊Which relationship are you trying to mend?
Flashbacks
Strange memories continually flash before you. They are of peo-
ple and places you do not know. You have glimpses of a frozen 
city, the feeling of terrible hunger, the sounds of explosions in the 
distance, and a haunting, uncontrollable fear.
◊◊What situations tend to trigger these memories?
◊◊What frightens you the most about them?
Occupations
The following Occupations and Archetypes are suitable for the 
Black Madonna campaign. They should all be Aware, rather than 
Sleepers or Enlightened. Archetypes with strong personal agendas 
or are living outside of society (such as The Avenger, The Cursed, The 
Broken, etc.) are not recommended, due to the focus of the cam-
paign. Also, some Advantages associated with the Internet are not 
available in 1991.
Former Stasi Officer [The Agent]
You were a low-ranking, intelligence officer for the Stasi, East Ger-
many’s notorious secret police. You worked for Administration 12, 
which was responsible for the surveillance of mail and telephone 
communications. After your department was dismantled, you 
silently faded into normal society and no one knows your past.
◊◊What kind of job do you have now. Do you miss your old job?
◊◊How do you feel knowing your work resulted in the imprison-
ment and/or death of the people you monitored?
Languages: German (native), English (broken)
Diplomatic Attaché [The Careerist]
You are a staff member of your country’s embassy in Berlin. It 
has been a busy time since the fall of the Berlin Wall in Novem-
ber 1989. You spend your days typing reports, reading docu-
ments, arranging schedules, and organizing meetings.
◊◊What is your country of origin and where were you sta-
tioned before the Berlin posting?
◊◊What illegal activity were you doing on the side, and why 
did you stop?
Languages: Choose native tongue, German (fluent)
Professor of History [The Academic]
You teach and research military history at the Humboldt Uni-
versity in former East Berlin. Your focus is the Second World 
War, and you are revered for your published works regarding 
the Eastern Front. Your duties include frequent travel and 
research in local archives and official records.
◊◊What are you currently working on?
◊◊How did acquire secret documents from the Soviet War 
Ministry, whose content made you known in academic 
circles?
Languages: German (native), Russian (fluent), English (bro-
ken), Polish (broken)
Black Marketeer [The Fixer]
You make sure people get anything they need. During the 
time of the Berlin Wall, you operated a lucrative business 
smuggling western contraband into the Eastern Bloc. You 
could get the latest Michael Jackson album (on cassette 
or LP), banned literature, fashion magazines, and por-
nographic photos. However, the political and economic cli-
mate has changed and you are adapting to this new reality.
◊◊How is your illicit business now?
◊◊Who do did you betray to escape imprisonment, and 
what happened to them?
Languages: German (native), Russian (broken), English 
(broken), Swedish (broken)
Foreign Legionnaire [The Veteran]
You were a member of the French Foreign Legion (2e REP) 
between 1983–1988. You participated in peacekeeping 
operations in Lebanon, as well as several classified mis-
sions in North Africa. You have been living as a civilian 
for several years now.
◊◊What happened to make you join the French For-
eign Legion?
◊◊What line of work (if any) have you pursued lately?
Languages: Choose your native tongue, German (flu-
ent), French (fluent), English (broken)
16
Introduction

Freelance Journalist [The Detective]
You are a freelance, investigative journalist with articles published 
in several of the major German newspapers and magazines. You 
have insights into many levels of German society – both high and 
low.
◊◊What is the pathos of your journalism?
◊◊What was your biggest professional mistake?
Languages: German (native), English (fluent)
Horror Writer [The Artist]
You are a writer of horror stories. You strive to reach the heights 
of Stephen King, Dean Koontz, James Herbert, and Peter Straub. 
You have had two short stories published and are struggling with 
your first novel.
◊◊Why can’t you finish your novel?
◊◊Where do you find your inspiration?
Languages: German (native), English (fluent)
Rare Book Dealer [The Occultist]
You search for rare books in antique shops, used bookstores, 
estate sales, or on the black market. You then sell these books to 
private collectors and clients with particular interests. Along the 
way, you have come across occult texts and gained insight into 
the hidden world.
◊◊What are you hoping to discover in these obscure tomes?
◊◊Why did your last deal go sideways?
Languages: German (native), English (fluent), French (bro-
ken), Hebrew (broken), Latin (broken), Greek (broken), Arabic 
(broken)
Defected KGB Operative [The Ronin]
You had a chance to disappear and took it. When the Berlin 
Wall fell, you faked your death and assumed a West Berliner’s 
identity. After looking over your shoulder for so long, you have 
begun to relax and find your stride as a civilian living a normal 
life.
◊◊Why did you choose to defect?
◊◊Who’s identity did you assume? What did he/she do? And 
what did you do to them?
Languages: Russian (native), German (fluent), English (fluent)
Literary Agent [The Deceiver]
You are a literary agent working for Goldmann Arkana, a 
publishing company which specializes in esoteric and “New 
Age” literature. You recently started your new position and are 
eager, some would say desperate, to prove yourself.
◊◊What did you do to get your position at Goldmann 
Arkana?
◊◊What keeps you awake at night?
Languages: German (native), English (fluent), French (fluent), 
Russian (broken)
Family
Use these rules instead of the ones found in the 
KULT: Divinity Lost core rulebook when establishing 
Relations.
Alone with Few Friends
You have no family and have always had a hard 
time making relationships work. What few friends 
you have remain very dear to you. You have a pet 
and it gives you some small comfort.
◊◊Why can’t you handle relationships?
◊◊What kind of pet do you have?
[Create the pet as meaningful (1) Relation]
Fiancé/Fiancée with a Child on the Way
You are engaged to be married and have a child 
on the way. Your relationship has had its ups 
and downs, but you both dream of a new future 
together.
◊◊Who is your partner?
◊◊How do you feel about becoming a parent?
[Create your Fiancé/Fiancée as vital (2) Relation]
Divorced, but Feelings Remain
You are divorced, but are still in love with your for-
mer partner and have been unable to move on with 
your life.
◊◊Who was your spouse?
◊◊What finally ended your marriage?
[Create your ex as vital (2) Relation]
Family Died in an Accident
You had the perfect life – a happy family and bright 
future. All of a sudden, everything was stolen from you. 
A terrible accident left you alone in the world. You still 
have their things packed in boxes in your home.
◊◊Who were they?
◊◊Who was responsible for the accident?
[Create a supportive friend as meaningful (1) Relation]
Single with Lots of Casual Sex
You spend much of your free time in the bars and clubs 
of Hamburg and Berlin. You frequent the new techno 
clubs, such as Tresor, as well as far seedier establish-
ments. Accompanied by beats, strobes, and smoke, you 
constantly prowl for carnal pleasures.
◊◊What kind of lovers do you wake up next to in the 
mornings?
◊◊Who broke your heart?
[Create your favorite party friend as meaningful (1) 
Relation]
17
Player Characters in the Campaign

Joyless Marriage
You live in a cold and joyless marriage. You have found an 
uneasy peace with your spouse, but there are more things 
separating you than holding you together. It has been months 
or years since you have been intimate.
◊◊Why haven’t you left?
◊◊What aspects of your marriage do you loathe the most?
[Create your spouse as a meaningful (1) Relation]
Destructive Relationship
You are in a passionate, yet destructive, relationship. There are 
endless conflicts, heated arguments, and hurt feelings. Somehow, 
though, you always wind up together again. Plus, the sex is great.
◊◊What did you have to give up for the relationship?
◊◊What was the unlikely place where you met the first time?
[Create your significant other as a vital (2) Relation]
Abusive Marriage
You are in an abusive marriage. Minor disagreements or simply a 
bad day at work tend to result in physical violence or even hospi-
tal visits. Your relationship is fueled by anger and fear.
◊◊Are you the victim or the perpetrator?
◊◊You had a child, but it is deceased. What happened?
[Create your spouse as a vital (2) Relation]
Happy Marriage
You live in a happy and giving marriage. It feels like the world is 
on your side and nothing can go wrong. The only cloud in the sky 
is you have been unable to have children, but you keep trying. 
People look at your marriage with great envy.
◊◊Who is your spouse and what makes her/him so wonderful?
◊◊What is your favorite thing to do together?
[Create your spouse as a vital (2) Relation]
Relation with 
Magda Orlova
Magda Orlova plays an essential role at start of the campaign, as 
meeting with her pulls the player characters into its unfolding 
events. There are several options for how they know her. The dif-
ferent alternatives also have certain specifications that make them 
work with Magda’s backstory. The same backstory with Magda can 
be chosen by several characters, if suitable.
Child of Magda Orlova
Magda is your mother, but you were taken by social services when 
you were very young, the same time Magda was institutionalized. You 
never knew your father (likely Lev Orlov or Filip Kramer), and you’ve 
only just reconnected with your mother over the last few years.
[Meaningful (1) Relation]
Requirement: You are between 23 and 29 years old. You were born 
in East Germany.
Knows Her through Her Journalism
You got to know Magda Orlova in the 1980s, during her time 
as a freelance journalist and political reporter in Hamburg. 
She wrote several articles about the black market in East 
Germany. Since then, you have kept a friendly, if irregular, 
correspondence.
[Neutral (0) Relation]
Requirement: You were in Germany during the 1980s and 
have a connection to either the black market or the journal-
ism profession.
Got to Know Her through 
Her Antique Bookstore
Magda owned an antique bookstore in East Berlin between 
1971–72, and then reopened it in West Berlin between 1977–
1980. You came to know her during your many visits.
[Neutral (0) Relation]
Requirement: You were in East or West Berlin at some 
point during the bookstore’s existence.
Friend of a Friend
Your friend, or partner, knows Magda Orlova and you have 
met her a number of times, but haven’t developed any close 
personal relationship.
[Neutral (0) Relation]
Requirement: Have spent a couple of years in Germany.
Helped You Out
Magda helped you during a bad time of your life. Perhaps 
she took you in and let you stay with her, she helped you 
with financial problems, or made a similar gesture of com-
passion. You have a strong sense of gratitude toward her.
[Meaningful (1) Relation]
Requirement: Have spent a couple of years in Germany.
Former Lover
You and Magda were once lovers. It was a troubled affair, 
but came to an amicable conclusion. You still remember 
her with great fondness and have kept in touch ever since.
[Meaningful (1) Relation]
Requirement: You were in East Berlin in between 1958–62 
and of appropriate age for a love affair.
Literary Circles in Berlin and Hamburg
Magda frequents release parties, book signings, and other 
literary events, and has made many friends among fellow 
writers and publishers. You have met her several times.
[Neutral (0) Relation]
Requirement: Either lived in or visited Germany several 
times.
18
Introduction

Tips for 
the Gamemaster
UNDERSTANDING 
THE BLACK MADONNA
The Black Madonna campaign was released in 1991 for Kult (1st 
edition). It has a linear plot and offers numerous opportunities 
for combat and action. To encourage the right expectations, 
it is a good idea for the gamemaster (GM) and the players to 
remember the campaign’s unique nature and style of play. 
This campaign requires the player characters to take direct 
action, abandon their old lives, and investigate the mysteries 
that have placed them in ever-growing danger.
THIS IS A VIOLENT CAMPAIGN
Many scenes are populated with heavily armed 
adversaries, as well as powerful, super-
natural entities. Ensuring at least a 
few of the characters have high 
values in Violence will make these 
portions more enjoyable and eas-
ier to survive. If the players prefer 
non-violent solutions and roleplay, 
the GM may wish to adjust these 
areas accordingly.
DO SOME 
RESEARCH
GM should familiarize themselves 
with the world of 1991 to gain a 
sense of the era. Suggested top-
ics are the collapse of the Soviet 
Union, the German Reunification, 
and the Siege of Leningrad. Great 
movies to watch on these topics are 
My Perestroika, Atomic Blonde, Good Bye 
Lenin!, and 900 Days: The Myth and Reality of 
the Leningrad Blockade. The amount of research 
time depends on how much backstory the GM 
feels necessary to effectively run their campaign.
RECREATING 1991
Providing pictures from 1991 Germany and Russia is 
an excellent way to inspire the players, reinforcing the 
impression their characters are in environments quite differ-
ent from present day. For example, the GM can show them 
Stalinist architecture, Trabant and Lada cars, statues of Lenin, 
and early-1990s Soviet fashion. If used properly, the GM can 
also introduce music from the era in the background to great 
effect – especially German and Russian music the players 
may not directly associate with something outside of the 
campaign. The GM should pick songs that enhance the scene, 
rather than distracting from it.
MAKE A DECISION 
ABOUT CELLPHONES
As discussed in the World of 1991 section (p. 14), cell-
phones did exist during this era, but were generally rare. 
It’s important the GM decide whether or not the characters 
have access to cellphones, as this can greatly affect their 
problem-solving capabilities. Should the GM make them 
available, both they and the players must remember cellular 
coverage was quite limited – something that can be used for 
dramatic effect.
THE DRAMATIC HOOKS
When using the Dramatic Hooks, the GM should adapt them to 
this style of campaign. Hooks should be connected to the here 
and now, and can be personal and psychological in nature. 
Examples of good Hooks for Black Madonna are “I would 
like you to explore your feelings for the nepharite,” 
or “I would like you to tell [another PC] about your 
feelings for her.” These hooks are easy to fulfill 
and still create dramatic situations in 
game. Dramatic hooks connected to 
the character’s family situation and 
other aspects of their personal life 
should be avoided, as such hooks 
can diverge too much from the 
main plot.
Chain 
of Events
Although the player characters’ 
actions and unforeseen circum-
stances may alter the chain of 
events, the campaign’s general 
progression is outlined below.
Chapter 1 –  
The Killers’ Dance
The characters meet up with their old friend, Magda 
Orlova, who inadvertently passes a curse onto them. 
They fall ill due to an unusual, parasitic disease. A few 
days later, Magda succumbs to the disease. The charac-
ters have reason to believe three acquaintances of Magda are 
responsible for her death and their current predicament. They 
discover a ritual capable of turning the cursed disease back 
onto those responsible for it. By investigating the Slavic Associa-
tion, an occult organization of which Magda was a member, the 
characters uncover where the three men are and how to use the 
ritual against them. They travel to the home of one of the men, 
where a dark communion is taking place. After the characters 
perform the ritual, the Death Angel’s three Incarnates are freed 
and the characters realize they have been misled. The characters 
who performed the ritual receive Chagidiel’s Mark and are now 
bound to the Death Angel.
19
Tips for the Gamemaster

Chapter 2 –  
Shadows from the Past
Chezenko, Archon Binah’s lictor in Leningrad, hunts down 
the player characters and attacks them in the mistaken 
belief they are Chagidiel’s Incarnates. After realizing his 
error, he backs off and provides the characters with informa-
tion on the three Incarnates.
The characters visit the Frankfurt Clinic, where Magda and 
the three Russians once stayed. They obtain a Madonna doll 
from Pyotr, a patient who came from Leningrad at the same 
time as Magda and the other three. A doctor tells them Magda 
and the others arrived from a concentration camp outside 
Moscow in 1946.
Chapter 3 – 
Dark Dreams
Pyotr from the Frankfurt Clinic reveals himself to be a dream 
wanderer. He contacts the player characters in their dreams, 
and begins teaching them the Art of Dreaming. After they 
master the Art of Dreaming, Pyotr pulls them into his dreams, 
which verge on Chagidiel’s Inferno. They travel backwards 
through Time into Pyotr’s memories of the Frankfurt Clinic, the 
camp outside Moscow, and finally to Kalenko’s dream-house in 
Leningrad.
One of the freed Incarnates resides in Kalenko’s dream-house. 
The children have been held captive here since the building 
disappeared into Limbo. The characters defeat the Incarnate 
and free the children’s dream-selves. If they travel to the real 
Leningrad, the characters discover Kalenko’s house has van-
ished without a trace. They can meet with an icon-painter, Dimi 
Nesterov, who is working on an image of the Madonna that 
bears an uncanny resemblance to one of the characters.
Chapter 4 – 
German Autumn
The Slavic Association and the three (now dead) Russians had 
close ties to the far-right, extremist organization Germanische 
Gemeinschaft. The player characters uncover the organization’s 
relationship with the Russian patriotic coalition, Slava. The Ger-
mans buy weapons and drugs from Slava. The characters dis-
cover one of Chagidiel’s Incarnates is closely connected to Slava.
Chapter 5 – 
Mother Russia
The player characters travel to Moscow to investigate Slava. They 
realize an Incarnate has taken over the organization. A death 
conjurer who belonged to the Slavic Association also fled to 
Russia and has allied with Slava. Before the characters can do 
anything, they are captured by Slava and transported to their 
base for interrogation. They escape from the base, but not before 
discovering the Incarnate is located at a missile base north of 
Moscow.
The missile base is completely distorted by the Incarnate’s pres-
ence, as well as guarded by legionnaires from Kalenko’s house. 
The characters defeat the Incarnate. They soon discover some-
thing peculiar is going on in Leningrad; martial law has been 
declared and the city is cordoned off by the military.
Chapter 6 –  
To Hell and Back
The player characters leave for the black cathedral in Leningrad. 
Once there, they meet with Dimi Nesterov again. With his assis-
tance, the Black Madonna – an Incarnate of the Archon Binah 
– inhabits one of the characters. They make their way through 
the city, which increasingly merges into an amalgamation of 
1941 Leningrad and Inferno. Chagidiel’s Citadel is manifesting 
throughout the city. Upon entering Kalenko’s house, the Black 
Madonna emerges from the host character and attacks Chagi-
diel’s Incarnate; the pair becoming locked in a violent battle. 
The characters must free the captive children so the Death Angel 
can be banished. Otherwise, they are trapped in Inferno forever. 
If they succeed, Kalenko’s house and Leningrad are restored to 
their original forms. Everything returns to normal and the world 
is saved from Inferno.
Timeline for 
the Parasite
The following timeline outlines the progress of the parasitic 
disease affecting the player characters. No matter what they do, 
the disease progresses until they kill the three Incarnates and 
the campaign is completed.
Night of the Gold Plaque award: The characters are infected 
by Magda Orlova.
The two days following infection the characters suffer from 
high fever, reaching up to 40 °C. While in Hamburg, the fever 
falls slightly, hovering above 37 °C. They feel weak and itchy all 
over. This is the parasite reproducing and spreading through-
out their bodies.
They suffer nightmares where they are children trapped in a 
dark room, lying on a hard floor. It is bitterly cold, the walls 
are covered in frost and dripping water. An unpleasant, sweet 
smell hangs in the air. The darkness surrounding them is so 
dense they can almost touch it. Something moves out there, 
something they can only vaguely sense. Scraping and hissing 
noises encircle them, forcing them to crawl into a corner, 
shaking.
Night after having found Magda: Rashes develop and 
appear on the player characters’ bodies. Their nightmares 
progress: the creature in the darkness stalks closer until the 
characters sense its shape. Pain ignites within the charac-
ters, a sickening, indefinite burning throughout their bodies. 
They sense how the shape dwelling in the darkness enjoys 
their pain. Somehow, they know it has tortured them before 
without ever revealing its face. It draws closer, but they still 
cannot see its true nature.
For the remainder of Chapter 1: The rashes erupt into cen-
timeter-sized boils on the loins, under the arms and armpits, 
and in the hollows of the knees. The boils are bluish-red and 
covered with a thin, yellowish membrane, which emit an 
acrid smell. Only the characters can see the boils or sense 
the smell. The rashes slowly spread across their bodies.
20
Introduction

During 
­Chapter 2: Something begins moving inside 
the boils, especially those located on the loins 
and armpits. The sensation remains a diffuse 
tingling or tickle.
During Chapters 3 and 4: The boils spread 
outwardly from their original locations. 
The rashes now cover most of the char-
acters’ bodies. Inside the boils, the sen-
sation of movement intensifies, itching 
tremendously.
During Chapter 5: Some of the boils 
burst open during the night. Yellow 
larvae emerge from the wounds, 
emitting a droning sound, almost 
like chanting.
During Chapter 6: The boils 
spread until they cover the 
characters’ entire bodies. The 
larvae burst out each night, and 
their droning, chanting sounds 
prevent the characters from 
sleeping. If the characters 
succeed in sleeping, their 
nightmares are truly terri-
fying – focused on their 
tormentor. This stage of 
the disease persists until 
the campaign’s comple-
tion. From this point 
forward, the charac-
ters will not die as a 
direct result of the 
disease, although 
they might wish 
they could…
Berlin
21
Timeline for the Parasite

Chapter 1  
The Killers’  
Dance
Hamburg, 1991
Hamburg is an old merchant city on 
the water. Hundreds of years ago it was an 
important part of the Hanseatic League, which 
dominated trade in northern Europe. Today, the 
busy port on the Elbe River serves a seemingly endless 
queue of container ships. The rows of loading cranes stand 
like colossi in the dim evening light. Located in the city center is 
St. Michael’s Church, named after the Archangel Michael. The church’s 
doorway features a statue depicting the angel, spear in hand, conquering 
the Devil. Its 132-meter-high, baroque spire rises above the city and reminds 
the populace God is always watching. But who believes in God anymore?
T
he Black Madonna campaign begins 
in Hamburg, Germany. The player char-
acters (PCs) do not need to live in Ham-
burg, but they have been there often 
enough to know Magda Orlova. As the 
chapter opens, the characters are 
invited to attend a gala dinner 
and expect to remain in 
­Hamburg for a week 
or two.
22
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

An Unexpected 
Meeting
The player characters receive an invitation for the German 
Authors Association’s annual award called the Gold Plaque:
The German Author’s Association is honored to invite you to the 
annual Gold Plaque dinner. Awards will be given on September 14, 
1991 at 20:00 in the Hamburg Rathaus ballroom.
Karl Dietmar will give a keynote speech.
Evening dress required.
RSVP
Characters who are academics and intellectuals, and/or 
belong to high society, receive the invitation as part of their 
daily life. Other characters receive the invitation through an 
acquaintance or as part of their professional life, such as a 
police officer or a bodyguard required to provide security or 
tail an attendee. A professional criminal may be sent to scout 
the building before an attempted heist. If the setting does 
not logically fit PCs’ background, the characters meet Magda 
Orlova at an illegal gambling club instead.
September 14, 1991 is a rainy summer’s evening. The building’s 
main lobby is crowded with prominent Hamburg authors, 
publishers, and socialites. PCs can freely mingle. If they did 
not arrive together, they notice each other in the crowd. Char-
acters who do not know each other are introduced by mutual 
acquaintances.
At eight o’clock, the patrons are directed into an enormous 
room with domed ceilings and glittering crystal chandeliers. 
Tables of solid oak are decorated with white, silk tablecloths 
and candles, filling the entire hall. Livery-clad waiters dart back 
and forth with trays, serving salmon pate and roast venison, fol-
lowed by apple tarts with sorbet. A quiet hum of voices fills the 
room, softly echoing off the arches. The dinner and the awards’ 
ceremony progress pleasantly. A virtually unknown poet, Leon 
Schütz, is met with polite applause after winning this year’s 
Gold Plaque. The evening passes and the characters enjoy the 
company of acquaintances and each other. Once the dinner 
concludes, the gathering spreads out through the Rathaus’ 
smaller public rooms. By the time the dance commences, many 
of the patrons are content and slightly drunk.
The characters should feel secure, believing everything is under 
control. Allow them to roleplay with the other patrons and serv-
ers, such as the flirty waitress, the overly drunk manager, the 
debating revolutionary, or the arguing married couple.
By midnight, people have begun leaving the party. Four late 
arrivals enter the room where the PCs are located; three mid-
dle-aged men and a woman. The men are wearing tailcoats with 
exclusive cuts. The dark-haired woman has a full-length, silken 
gown with a short white cutaway cape. Two stewards take the 
gentlemen’s coats and the lady’s cape. The four are shown to a 
table near the characters.
When the group enters, the characters think the woman looks 
familiar, as does one of the men – the most tired-looking of 
the three. After they’ve been seated, the characters realize the 
woman is Magda Orlova, an old acquaintance. Characters with 
artistic backgrounds suspect one of the men is Filip Kramer, a 
painter of some talent. PCs with the proper contacts or influ-
ences know of his sordid reputation for being a practicing 
Satanist with severe drug problems. Other characters remember 
meeting him during a West Berlin art show in the early 1980s. 
Gamemaster (GM) Note: This was before Filip started suffering night-
mares about the PCs. He does not recall the meeting.
Anton (Mahler), Sasha (Pogodin), and Filip recognize the char-
acters from the dreams and visions of their impending deaths. 
Now, they find themselves standing face-to-face with their 
tormentors, who have tortured and murdered them in numer-
ous dreams. Their fear is heightened through Chagidiel’s subtle 
influence. The men continue staring nervously at the characters. 
They grow pale as corpses, groping for their handkerchiefs or 
drinks to cover their shocked reactions.
A whispered discussion begins between Magda and the three 
men, revolving around a half-forgotten meeting. After offering 
polite goodbyes, the men promptly retreat from the room. Now 
alone, Magda turns to the PCs, as if noticing them for the first 
time. Surprise, joy, and anxiety cross her face for a few seconds. 
If the characters do not approach her, she gets up slowly and 
deliberately walks over to them.
The characters are surprised upon seeing Magda up close. 
She appears weary and drained, as if having aged ten years 
since they last met. She even seems to have shrunk somewhat. 
Her arms and legs are completely covered by the grey-white 
dress. She removes her white gloves to shake hands with the 
characters; immediately putting them back on afterwards. Up 
this close, the characters notice she’s wearing an overly strong 
perfume.
GM Note: As the parasite (see Introduction, p. 20) only infects 
through direct contact, the GM should subtly roleplay Magda 
touching everybody; for example, acting out shaking hands with 
the players. If any of the characters refuse to shake hands, Magda 
touches them later in the conversation, such as placing her hand on 
their arm or shoulder.
Characters with Magical Intuition, Enhanced Awareness, or 
Schizophrenia notice that something is terribly wrong with 
Magda. A consuming darkness hangs around her, reminiscent 
of mortal illness or mental instability. If they inquire why 
Magda looks so tired and sick, she tells them she’s been suffer-
ing from terrible nightmares. If no one asks directly, the subject 
eventually comes up in casual conversation.
“It’s the nightmares,” she admits. “The same terrible dreams, every 
night since I moved back to Berlin. I can’t get rid of them. I think 
I’m going crazy! How can this be normal?”
She nervously rubs her hands against her dress. If the charac-
ters inquire, she says she had been living in Berlin – her old 
hometown – for the past few months. However, she decided to 
come back to Hamburg, hoping being away from Berlin might 
help relieve the bad dreams. “The same thing every night. I don’t 
dare sleep anymore. Do you think I should see someone?”
If the characters ask her about the dreams, she noticeably 
pales and grows increasingly nervous. She stares down 
at the table for a long while. When she raises 
her gaze again, her features are darkened by 
restrained suffering. “I don’t remember 
them that well. Everything is fuzzy and 
unclear. But… I’m young, very young, 
in the dreams. Just a child. 
23
An Unexpected Meeting
1

I’m locked up for being disobedient. It’s so dark. Something keeps 
moving in the darkness. Then… The pain. It cuts right through me, 
becoming my entire world. The dream becomes endless pain. So, I 
can’t remember anything properly after that. Just pain and vague 
impressions of things moving in the dark. Until I finally wake up.”
Magda is ghostly pale when she finishes the story, visibly 
shaking. Her eyes nervously wander, a cold sweat glazes her 
forehead. She refuses to speak of her dreams again.
If the PCs ask about the three men, Magda explains they were 
Anton Mahler, Aleksandr “Sasha” Pogodin, and Filip Kramer.
“We were friends for most of our youth, back in East Germany. I 
haven’t seen them for several years, but Filip contacted me recently, 
just after the Wall fell.”
After a short while, Magda unsteadily excuses herself and leaves. 
She graciously, yet firmly, declines all offers for assistance. If the 
characters decide to follow her, she takes a taxi home to her 
apartment in Hamburg. None of the lights turn off during the 
night.
Eventually, the gala dinner concludes and the characters retire 
for the night. Characters with Sixth Sense feel as if they are being 
watched, but cannot identify the source. In truth, they are being 
followed by Alexi Blobel, who watches the characters from a 
nearby rooftop with night-vision goggles and an infrared cam-
era. He photographs them as part of an investigation ordered 
by Anton, Sasha, and Filip. He is methodical in his attempts to 
obtain any and all information regarding the characters.
Meanwhile, Filip contacts Magda and inquires about the char-
acter’s names and addresses, under the pretense he recognized 
them from art-circuits and wants to contact them. She provides 
him with their names, as well as any addresses she knows.
The deadly game has begun.
The Disease 
Breaks Out
The night following the Gold Plaque dinner, the PCs slip into 
stage one of the parasitic infection. Follow the parasite’s timeline 
(see Introduction, p. 20) to determine the disease’s progression 
throughout the campaign. If characters go to a doctor, they are 
diagnosed with influenza. No mundane treatment provides them 
relief or hinders the disease’s advancement.
Alexi’s 
Investigation
Meanwhile, Alexi Blobel follows his orders from the Russians, 
conducting a background check on the PCs. If the characters are 
attentive, they realize they are under surveillance. Although they 
suspect they are being followed, the characters have little luck 
determining the perpetrators. Alexi and his men (Blobel’s Hench-
men) immediately disengage if they risk detection.
Mail delivery is delayed for all the characters; Alexi has bribed 
the mailmen for access to their mail. Some of the letters arrive 
late, apparently having been opened. The mailmen are well-
paid and scared of losing their jobs, so they divulge nothing if 
interrogated. A metallic Dodge van with black-tinted windows 
often follows the characters like a predator. Sixth Sense warns 
characters they are being watched whenever the van is nearby. 
The vehicle’s license plate is obscured, painted to resemble 
dirt. If the characters attempt to break into the van, Alexi calls 
the police from his mobile phone. Within minutes, German 
Police arrive to intervene.
The 
Disappearance
After the first two days, any PCs attempting to contact Magda 
do so without success. Their mutual friends haven’t seen 
her since the dinner at city hall. Her answering machine in 
Hamburg says: “You have reached Magda Orlova’s answering 
machine. Unfortunately, I’m not in right now. If you want, please 
leave your name, phone number, and a short message. I will get 
back to you as soon as possible.” She does not call back if the 
characters leave a message. No one answers if they ring the 
doorbell at her apartment.
The characters also receive a call from a middle-aged 
woman – Irene Adler, a friend of Magda’s. The characters 
remember they met her a few days ago. She is a strong, six-
ty-year-old woman, a retired editor for the Survey: Germany, 
which Magda wrote for. Adler speaks in a frantic voice, 
stuttering a bit.
“I’m very worried. We were supposed to have lunch, but Magda 
never showed up and didn’t call me. That’s not like her. She 
mentioned she met you on Saturday at the award ceremony. 
I thought maybe you had heard something from her? I hope 
nothing has happened. Magda seemed so upset after she came 
back from Berlin.”
If the characters ask to meet Irene, she suggests a café, The 
Crane, in central Hamburg. It is a small, overly-expensive 
café, furnished with heavy oak tables, vintage armchairs, 
Turkish rugs, and valuable art on the walls.
Adler is a well-kempt, older woman with bleached-blonde 
hair and expensive clothing. She exhibits an aristocratic 
attitude, remaining extraordinarily polite. She is obvi-
ously worried for her close friend. They have known one 
another since 1981, after Magda first moved to Hamburg. 
If the characters ask, Adler tells them quite a bit about 
Magda’s background.
She knows Magda involuntarily left East Germany in 
1977, after spending two years in prison. Magda always 
suffered from psychological issues and had become 
something of a hypochondriac. Adler ensures the char-
acters none of these issues are serious. After the Wall 
fell, Magda returned to Berlin. She only moved back to 
­Hamburg a few weeks ago. She appeared completely 
changed, prematurely aged. She continually washed her-
self and applied heavy perfume, as well as wore heavy 
clothes despite the summer heat. She acted extremely 
24
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

­nervous much of the 
time. Adler does not know where Magda was living in Berlin. She 
reveals Magda has been previously confined to mental hospitals, 
including the Johannes Hospital psychiatric clinic and the Frankfurt 
Clinic in Frankfurt an der Oder.
“But it wasn’t serious. Magda wasn’t completely crazy, just a little 
off-balance, you see,” Adler tells them.
The characters can trace down Magda quite easily, investigating 
her apartment in Hamburg. Also, both she and Irene Adler men-
tioned Magda had been living in Berlin. Inquiries through the 
telephone company or searching the phonebook allows the PCs 
to locate the address of Magda’s Berlin apartment, located on 
Leibnizstraße 97. If they use the phone number, no one answers 
the calls. Magda’s mail has not been forwarded, and no one is 
supposed to pick it up for her.
If the characters ignore Magda’s disappearance, another week 
passes. Irene Adler contacts one of the characters, informing 
them Magda has been taken to the Max Bürger Hospital in Berlin, 
severely ill. She asks the characters to go there, as Magda has 
asked for them specifically. If the characters travel to the hospital, 
immediately jump to Magda’s Death (p. 31). Other sections may be 
returned to later.
Magda’s 
Hamburg Apartment
The player characters can search Magda’s apartment in Hamburg; 
the address is listed in the phonebook. Irene Adler knows where 
she lives, and the characters may have already have previously 
visited the apartment. The five-story tenement building is by 
Lübecker Straße in the Hohenfeld district, near the center of 
Hamburg. Facing the street, the apartment itself consists of three 
rooms on the ground floor. A small, inner garden with one tree 
and a tiny patch of grass are located in the back. The street 
entrance can be opened with a key or with a security code. 
Characters can also use the entry phone, using an excuse to 
have the neighbors let them in.
­Magda’s neighbors have not 
seen her all week. She has lived in the apartment since 1980. 
An elderly couple and a young man live on the same floor. The 
elderly couple say Magda is a bit eccentric but harmless. They 
know she lived in Berlin for a year, but came back just before 
the summer. Living illegally in his sublet apartment, the young 
man does not want to talk to anyone. If pressed, he reveals 
some woman lives in the adjacent apartment, but does not 
know anything else.
Floor Plans for Magda’s 
Hamburg Apartment
[1] Hall: Mail and newspapers lie in piles inside the door, dat-
ing back to the day the characters met Magda. A coat and 
jacket hang on the coat hanger. A series of surreal wood-
cuts decorate the walls, depicting merged half-human/
half-fish figures. A pair of gloves and a train timetable rest 
on a small table.
The Mail: Three letters and a postcard have been forwarded 
from an address in Berlin (Leibnizstraße 97). The first letter is 
return-addressed “Alberto Mirandola, Barcelona.” It contains 
an inquiry regarding her purchase of a rare Russian dictionary 
from the 1700s. The second letter is return-addressed “Arnold 
Weiss, 34 Wiedland Str., Berlin.” It is a short, personal letter 
stating Weiss has recently returned from his trip to Italy. He 
wonders if Magda plans to stay in Hamburg, as Arnold will 
be traveling there in a couple a weeks and wants to meet. 
The third letter is return-addressed “John Masterson, Lon-
don,” and is an invitation to the British Authors Congress’ 
autumn meeting. The postcard has no sender address, but is 
stamped by the post office in Frankfurt an der Oder, Ger-
many. On the back, sprawling hand-writing in barely legi-
ble Russian reads, “I have seen HIM.” It is signed, “Pyotr.”
The Timetable: The timetable is new and turned to the page 
listing trips between Hamburg and Berlin.
25
The Disappearance
1

[2] Walk-in Closet: 
Winter clothing hangs here. Scarves and caps fill an old 
personal computer box. Boots and shoes line the wall. A 
couple of boxes with books lean against the wall. Twen-
ty-one black notebooks are stacked inside one box; they 
are Magda’s collected diaries since the 1960s. The charac-
ters only discover these if they expressly state they search 
the boxes.
[3] Kitchen: A mouse disappears into the shadows as the 
characters enter the room. The kitchen counter runs 
along one wall, while the other has a pantry, fridge, and 
freezer. A simple folding table and two wicker chairs 
sit by the window. Piles of dirty dishes are stacked on 
the kitchen counter and the sink is full of rotting food. 
Greasy paper is scattered across the floor. Stinking gar-
bage bags are heaped against the wall. Twenty discarded, 
frozen-dinner boxes are stacked against the microwave 
oven. The wall almanac is still turned to the previous 
month.
The key hook on the wall contains four sets of keys. A plain 
key works for the basement and the garage, while a key-ring 
with two keys belongs to Magda’s Berlin apartment. A car 
key with alarm control goes to Magda’s Opel Vectra, which is 
parked in the tenements underground garage. Finally, a key 
marked “Irene” is for Irene Adler’s apartment.
[4] Bathroom: There are five, empty valium boxes in the 
medicine cabinet. Empty packets of Clozapine and Olan-
zapine lie on the floor. Consulting a medical handbook 
– there is one on the office bookshelf – reveals these two 
drugs treat symptoms of schizophrenia. Stacked on the 
bathroom cabinet and littering the floor are empty pack-
ages of liquid soap. A plastic laundry basket is overflow-
ing, dirty clothes are strewn across the floor.
[5] Toilet: The bathroom cabinet contains several packs of 
soap, different ointments, and numerous perfume bot-
tles. The room hasn’t been cleaned.
[6] Bedroom: An unmade bed rests against one wall. The 
wardrobe door is open and half its contents have been 
thrown on the floor. Some twenty earplugs lie on the 
mattress, crumpled as if they have been used. A dead ivy 
hangs in the flowerpot set in front of the window.
[7] Living room: A TV-set sits in front of the pinkish-red sofa. 
The remaining walls are lined with bookcases with glass 
doors. They contain a broad collection of encyclopedias, 
nonfiction, and fiction books. A graphic print hangs over 
the sofa, depicting a frozen reaper staring out over a 
barren landscape. Two half-dead, yucca palms sit on the 
windowsill. A glass door leads to the balcony outside the 
apartment.
[8] Office: A desk with an IBM personal computer is against 
one wall. Two bookshelves are dedicated to medical 
literature. Another shelf has books related to Russian 
literature, history, politics, and economics. Dirty glasses 
cover the desk’s surface. A table calendar 
is set 
to September 12th. A phone/answering machine 
sits beside the computer. The answering machine’s light is 
blinking, one blink for each unheard message. A door leads 
to an empty balcony, facing the garden.
The Calendar: There are no notes in the planner after Septem-
ber 12th. Over the first two weeks of September, there are eight 
different meetings recorded, detailing names, addresses, and 
phone numbers.
The Computer: The computer contains very little useful infor-
mation; most files are articles written for various professional 
journals in Germany. An address book lists 240 people, includ-
ing the three Russians, with addresses and phone numbers. 
The same index lists addresses for Arnold Weiss and the Slavic 
Association. Unobservant characters may miss these amongst 
the listings for over thirty different unions, associations, and 
organizations.
The Answering Machine: There are four messages recorded on 
the answering machine, in addition to any messages the player 
characters have left:
[1] “This is Reidar Schönberg from the Welt Zeitung. I’m still 
waiting for your article about the lobby groups. Have you sent 
it? Please call me.”
[2] “Filip here. Something horrible is going to happen. Call me.” 
(His voice sounds panicked).
[3] “This is Reidar Schönberg here. We have postponed the article 
until the next issue. Call me once you get home.”
[4] “It’s Filip. You’ve got to call me. Soon, it will be too late.” (His 
voice now verges on terror).
LEADS IN THE APARTMENT
The apartment offers several potential leads for the PCs to 
follow.
The Forwarded Mail originates from Leibniz Str. 97; Magda’s 
apartment in Berlin. Characters can learn this from either the 
post offices or Berlin’s phone directory.
The letter from Alberto Mirandola contains an address, and 
phone and fax numbers. If the characters call the number, 
a coarse, male voice answers. It switches to English if the 
characters do not speak Spanish – Mirandola does not speak 
German. He is a book dealer specializing in rare volumes. 
He knows nothing about Magda beyond her correspondence 
from two weeks ago, inquiring about rare Russian books.
Arnold Weiss is an old friend of Magda’s, who the characters 
can contact via phone or meet in Berlin. His name, address, 
and phone number are in her computer’s contact list. For 
more information, refer to the Arnold Weiss section (p. 34).
John Masterton lives in London and has no knowledge of 
Magda. He simply bulk mails everyone on the German Author’s 
Association member list.
The Postcard from Pyotr probably only confuses the charac-
ters. Through her medical records (p. 34), they can make the 
connection between Magda and the Frankfurt Clinic. If they 
call, asking for Pyotr, they’re greeted by a harsh voice, 
26
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

“We don’t have the right to give out 
that kind of information. Who am I speaking to?” With much 
prodding, the speaker confirms the clinic has a patient by 
that name. No further information will be provided over 
the phone. To find out more, they have to visit the hospital 
themselves.
The Timetable suggests Magda has most likely departed 
for Berlin.
The Diaries are written in German. The dated entries are 
often cryptic and difficult to interpret, ranging from 1960 
to the summer of 1990. The characters need to Investigate 
the diaries to glean any important information, requiring 
several days of reading through the books. However, the 
characters notice the names Sasha, Anton, and Filip; the 
latter mentioned frequently over the first three years. The 
entries between 1962–64, 1968–71, and 1972 are missing. 
After 1978, the handwritten text becomes more legible, 
discuss names the characters recognize, and revolve 
around Magda’s work and friends. Her 
last entry from 1990 contains a long 
paragraph about Filip turning up 
at her home, together with Sasha 
and Anton. “They want me to 
rejoin the SA again. I wonder what 
they’re after. There’s so much we 
never learned,” she writes.
The Calendar contains eight 
handwritten names. If characters 
investigate these names, they dis-
cover six are doctors in Hamburg, 
while the other two are a chiro-
practor and a medium. All are listed 
in the phonebook. All the doctors 
have spoken to Magda. Two of 
them, Nathan Schönblum and 
Camilla Brüggener, have treated 
her as a regular patient. With 
some convincing, they admit they 
dismissed her as a patient, citing her 
as being a hypochondriac and hysteric. The 
other four have examined her, but never deter-
mined any signs of disease. The chiropractor, Karl 
Essen, is very enthusiastic, talking about chakras, 
energy streams, nature medicine, and the won-
derful progress his treatment made for Magda. He 
asks the characters if they are interested in treatment, 
pushing them to do so. The medium, Helena Acker-
man, has not met Magda yet. They had a reservation, 
but Magda never showed up. It happens quite a lot, 
the bored woman informs the characters.
The Address Register in the computer contains 
some 240 addresses. If the characters systemat-
ically sift through the organizations listed there, 
they notice the Slavic Association’s address. The 
addresses for Pogodin, Mahler, and Kramer are also 
listed there. Pogodin and Mahler’s addresses are 
current, but Kramer’s is no longer correct. Magda’s 
large collection of issues of the Slavic Forum news-
letter in her Berlin apartment may point the charac-
ters in this direction.
To Berlin
Having found Magda’s home address, the PCs eventually travel to 
Berlin. Roughly 300 km from Hamburg, the trip takes two and a 
half hours by train and considerably longer by car. With no one 
following them, the trip affords the characters time to rest and 
collect themselves.
Berlin 1991
The Brandenburger Gate, a monument to peace, is once again 
accessible to all Berliners. Lights illuminate the four-horsed chariot 
against the night sky. The divided city is restored and Germany is 
whole once more. Yet the scars from the Berlin Wall that once tore 
the city apart are slow to heal. Many sections of the abom-
ination still stand as grim reminders of the nightmare 
the city lived through.
Nowhere in the country is the contrast between 
the former West and East Germanys 
more evident. The western city fea-
tures modern facilities, shopping 
gallerias, and luxury boutiques 
selling Estee Lauder. The eastern 
city is dominated by Stalinist 
architecture, crumbling infra-
structure, and antiquated factories 
forced to shutter, unable to 
compete economically.
Money from the west pours in 
to revitalize the eastern sections, 
but the extra taxes instituted to 
pay for this renewal generate 
significant resentment among 
westerners against their east-
ern brothers and sisters.
Berlin is a microcosm of 1991 
Germany; the beginnings of a new 
future together.
Magda’s 
Berlin Apartment
Magda’s apartment is in a seven-story tenement, 
originally built in the 1920s with dark, heavy 
stones. Angular in design, the building has small 
windows and was recently renovated with a yellow-
ish-grey façade. It was constructed around an inner courtyard with 
a bicycle shed and laundry room. Its yard is paved over with bridge 
stones, and has a few poorly tended trees and scattered junk. Small, 
cast-iron street lights weakly illuminate the yard after twilight.
The main gate is solid and always locked, featuring an entry phone 
and directory. Nobody answers from the apartment marked 
“Orlova.” The spare key found at Magda’s apartment in Hamburg 
unlocks the door. The characters can also break into the house 
through a variety of methods, such as breaking a window or picking 
the lock (see Open Locked Doors, in the Appendix). Another option 
is calling one of Magda’s neighbors and convincing them to be let 
in. Characters can also simply slip inside when someone enters or 
leaves the building.
27
To Berlin
1

Magda’s apartment is locked and no one answers the doorbell. 
If they listen carefully, characters hear someone’s weak groans 
inside the apartment. They can summon the caretaker, or call 
for an ambulance or the police from a neighbor’s apartment. 
The caretaker is a stout woman in her 60s dressed in a clean-
ing-robe and boots. She lives on the ground floor. If the charac-
ters have Magda’s spare keys, they can unlock the door.
Floor Plans for Magda’s 
Berlin Apartment
[1] Hall: Coats and jackets crowd the hanger next to the 
entrance. A few days’ worth of newspapers, mail, and flyers 
have collected in front of the door. Dried flowers and a 
small, porcelain image of the Madonna and Child hang on 
the wall.
[2] Kitchen:. Much like the Hamburg apartment, the room is 
in complete chaos. A small folding table sits to the right of 
the door. On the left are the sink, refrigerator, and freezer. 
Dishes collected over the last few days are stacked by the 
sink. Empty packaging is scattered on the floor.
[3] Living room: A grey, leather couch sits under the window. 
A table and two easy-chairs are arranged in front of it. A 
half-­unpacked suitcase rests on an easy-chair, heaps of 
clothing lie scattered across the sofa. Several glass-front 
bookcases are filled with leather-bound copies of Russian 
and German fiction. 
One of the glass doors hangs open. A book has been 
removed from the collection. In another bookcase, there is 
a picture of Magda and Filip from 1961. They appear to be 
in their mid-20s. Beside it is a picture of Lev Orlov, as well 
as a wedding photo of Magda and Lev.
[4] Toilet: The floor is caked with splatters of vomit, several 
days old. Two empty soap bar packets are crumpled in the 
sink.
[5] Bathroom: The bathtub is half-filled with cold water and 
soap. The floor is damp and wet towels are thrown on the 
floor. The whole room reeks of perfume.
[6] Office: A desk with an old Apple Macintosh Plus dominates 
one wall. A cork board with notes dated from six months 
ago hangs over the desk. Three bookshelves stand along 
the wall; half of their contents are missing. They mostly 
contain collected literary or cultural-history magazines. 
None of these magazines are more recent than half a year 
ago. In comparison with the rest of the apartment, the 
office appears relatively clean and tidy, as if no one has 
used the room for some time. The bookshelves contain 
the first eleven years of the Slavic Forum, the Slavic Associ-
ation’s newsletter. Although the publication’s most recent 
issues are present, the seventeen years in between are 
missing (1972–1989).
[7] Bedroom: Wrapped in a stained robe, Magda Orlova lies 
unconscious in her bed. She turns, mumbling incomprehen-
sible things, and scratching at her arms with her nails. Her 
arms, shoulders, and face are covered with scratch marks. 
Clothes are scattered across the floor. The room stinks of 
heavy perfume, as well as another smell, which the char-
acters identify as incense – coming from a small burner on 
the bedside table. A Russian Orthodox icon of the Madonna 
and Child hangs above the bed.
A book lies opened on the floor by the 
bed. The binding lacks a title, but the 
inlay reads, “The Power of Dreams by Filip 
Kramer.” It was printed in 1988 by Black 
Sun Publishing. The book is opened at 
the chapter, The Raising of Curses Created 
by the Power of Dreams, and is covered 
in illegible letters. Characters skilled in 
occultism may recognize the words. 
Beneath the bedside table, there is a black 
notebook: Magda’s diary.
Magda’s condition is appalling and she 
appears mortally ill. Much has changed 
from last time they met, she looks at 
least eighty years old now. Her hair is 
completely white, matted against her 
wrinkled face. She persistently mumbles, 
violently tossing back and forth. Most 
of the murmurs are is in Russian. They 
hear Filip’s name repeated several times. 
Upon closer examination, Magda’s body 
appears covered with blue-red boils, 
which constantly move as if something 
is alive inside them. On closer inspec-
tion, characters notice tiny, black heads 
peeking out from some of the boils, 
Open Locked Doors: To open locked doors, the charac-
ter requires tools – like a crowbar or lock-picks – and the 
appropriate skills. If they can proceed without any pressure 
or time-constraints, they succeed without rolls. If there are 
pressures like possible witnesses, guards, or an alarm, the 
character rolls for Act Under Pressure or an appropriate 
Advantage to open the lock.
28
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

retreating 
whenever the light hits them. GM Note: 
Afflicted by the parasitic infection, the characters can now see its 
symptoms in others.
At this point, calling an ambulance and/or the police is advis-
able. If the caretaker is with them, she calls the ambulance 
immediately. She cannot see the boils on Magda’s body, and 
does not understand if the characters refer to them. In time, 
the ambulance personnel arrive, and upon their examination 
of Magda, they mutter something about atrial fibrillation. They 
cannot see the boils, dismissing any questions about them as 
panic. Magda is placed on a stretcher and transported to the 
Max Bürger Hospital. The paramedics tell the characters where 
they are taking Magda, asking for one of them to accompany 
them in the ambulance.
If any of the characters stay behind at Magda’s apartment, 
they have fifteen minutes to search it before the police arrive. 
However, they must do so under the caretaker’s watchful eye. 
In that time they find some (or all) of the leads listed below.
After the police arrive, the constables ask who they are, what 
they are doing there, and how well they know Magda. If the 
characters leave prior to the police arriving, they go to the hos-
pital instead and question them there. For the investigators, 
this is strictly routine, so unless the characters act suspiciously, 
the police do not bother them any further. However, if the PCs 
are very unwilling to talk or act suspiciously, they are escorted 
to the police station for interrogation – only to be released a 
few hours later.
LEADS IN THE APARTMENT
Magda’s Berlin apartment proves to be an excellent source of 
information. Following Magda’s death, the apartment remains 
accessible to the characters. They can enter the same way as 
earlier, if they come back after Magda’s death. After a month’s 
time, the apartment is rented again; its contents sold off and 
the proceeds donated to an orphan children’s fund, as per 
Magda’s will.
The apartment feels cold and lifeless as a tomb. Its silence 
is oppressive. A weak scent of perfume lingers, despite the 
caretaker leaving all the windows open.
Leads the characters can find include:
The Office Computer contains old articles and half-com-
pleted manuscripts. Chapters from an angst-laden novel 
set in 1930s Russia completely fill one of the computer’s 
sub-directories.
The Slavic Forum is the Slavic Association’s newsletter. 
Issues present are for the current year and contain nothing of 
interest beyond the Association’s address: Kartenau, Str. 31. In 
issue 4/91, the editor’s letter mentions Magda Orlova has been 
elected Vice President by the board.
The Bookshelf contains occult literature dealing mostly with 
dreams, dream interpretation, and dream magic. Among 
the collection are copies of Compendium Somnia by Phillipp 
Hönigberg, Sogni Segreti by Gaspare Cirelli, and Somniant ex 
Inferno by Andronicus.
The Diary 
details the period from August 12, 1990 
to September 5, 1991. Earlier diaries are located in Magda’s 
Hamburg apartment (p. 25). Time is required to interpret 
the handwritten text, taking half a day to read the entire 
diary. The characters notice several references to “Filip 
and the others,” interwoven with Magda’s concerns over 
her deteriorating health. A common note is, “We went to 
Slavic A to meet the others.” Further back, the notes become 
more sporadic; only every second or third day contains 
entries. While relaying this information, the GM should try 
to capture Magda’s suffering from the nightmares and inner 
demons dominating the text. Provide the excerpts below to 
the players and allow them to draw their own conclusions:
◊◊15th of July 1990: Back in Berlin. Nothing seems the 
same. Though maybe they are. Filip took me to SA. 
Completely different from when we started. No one 
wants to dig up the past; Filip least of all. But it’s still 
there, hidden. Like a dark shape lurking beneath the 
water’s surface. Helga was nice. I will invite her over.
◊◊20th of October 1990: Talked to Schröder. Overly con-
fident about economic stabilization. Promised to do 
an article for Neue G. about it. Filip showed up in the 
evening. First time in a month. Excited. I think the police 
are after him. I don’t know why I put up with him. Irene’s 
wondering if I’m moving back to Hamburg. I’m consid-
ering it.
◊◊2nd of February 1991: Played along with an occult ritual at 
SA last night. Totally harmless, but I still got nightmares 
afterwards. Shadows, trapped. Cold. Like something I 
remember, but I can’t picture it. Woke up at four and rose. 
It’s snowing.
◊◊24th of March 1991: Filip’s having nightmares about men 
tying him up and torturing him. Tried telling him the 
heroin only makes it worse. It’s no good. Annual meeting 
for SA. I made it onto the Board. Didn’t really want the role, 
but it’s not a heavy workload. Need to read my dream 
book.
◊◊3rd of May 1991: Some secrecy over at SA. Again! A journalist 
called me up with the most absurd accusations of what’s 
going on over there. It feels like I’m losing control of it all. 
Itching all over my body at night.
◊◊7th of July 1991: The boils are spreading. Doctor Semmel-
weiss says it’s just my imagination. Am I going mad? Filip 
can see them. The face in the dream. I can almost recognize 
it. I’ve got to get out of here.
◊◊22nd of July 1991: I don’t dare tell anyone about the worms. 
Six doctors say I’m delusional. Got a box of Valium. Thought 
of taking them all at once, but I can’t bring myself to do it. 
Called Irene and told her I’m coming back to Hamburg.
◊◊13th of August 1991: Long message waiting on the answering 
machine. Filip ranting about curses and nightmares about 
men cutting him to pieces. I didn’t have the energy to listen 
to him. Too tired. Haven’t slept in weeks. This has all got to 
end soon.
29
To Berlin
1

The Power of Dreams is opened to a page detail-
ing the ritual for treating cursed diseases. The page 
has been dog-eared for easy reference. The book is 
written by Filip Kramer and released through Black 
Sun Publishing. The publisher’s address is listed in 
the book: Kartenau Str. 31, Berlin. GM Note: Inspired by 
Filip, Magda studied the ritual continuously before the 
parasite ultimately stole her mind.
If the characters read the entire volume, they find a 
chapter called Dream Curses. It describes how differ-
ent diseases can be inflicted through dream magic. 
A disease inducing black boils is described in detail: 
the same curse Filip used to murder Lev Orlov. 
Initially, the curses are relatively benign, but are 
gradually empowered by the conjurer. In addition, 
the victim’s pain and anxiety can be channeled back 
to the conjurer, who can then utilize it for their own 
purposes.
Upon reading the dog-eared page, PCs with Magical 
Intuition quickly realize the ritual could free them 
from the disease they are currently afflicted with. 
Unbeknownst to them, however, the ritual has been 
altered by Chagidiel’s Incarnate. Rather than pro-
viding a cure, its intended purpose is tricking the 
desperate characters into killing the three Russians, 
thus freeing the Incarnates from their host bodies. 
The ritual’s simplicity is purposeful, allowing any-
one to cast it, regardless of their magical knowledge 
or ability. Thus, while possessing Magical Intuition 
is an advantage, it is not a requirement. The page 
detailing the ritual is outlined in the sidebar.
Explanation of the Ritual: PCs with Magical Intuition 
or knowledge in occultism quickly understand 
how to perform the ritual. If none of the charac-
ters do, they can consult someone with magical 
knowledge. The ritual requires the cursed subject 
to walk in three circles around those responsible 
for inflicting the disease upon them. By doing so, 
the curse is reverted back to the conjurer who 
initially cast it. In the characters’ case, they must 
perform the ritual for each of the three Russians.
The ritual consists of creating an outer circle 
roughly 500 paces from the Russians’ temple. 
Those performing the ritual scatter sand and 
soot, pronounce the invocation, and visualize a 
chasm around the Russians’ temple. The next 
circle begins approximately 40 paces from the 
temple. Blood from the afflicted characters, 
mixed with uninfected blood, is poured on 
the ground, the invocation is pronounced, 
and an abyss is visualized surrounding the 
temple. The third and last circle is created 
directly around the three Russians. Complet-
ing this sequence transfers the curse back 
to the original caster.
GM Note: Dr. Richter, who they meet after 
Magda’s death (see below), can help them 
obtain uninfected blood from the hospital’s 
blood bank.
Breaking Curses Contracted Through the Power of Dreams
The curse spreads after the victim is drawn into the dream. 
As the parasitic infection is magical in origin, it affects 
the victim regardless of their physical constitution. During 
the dream, the magician can continually diminish the victim’s 
consciousness level to a degree comparable to Jabernick’s last 
phase. In turn, the magician gains power equivalent to the 
victim’s drained consciousness. No memory of this procedure 
remains upon awakening. Once the infection takes hold, it can 
be quickened through repeated rituals, as described above.
To break the curse, the stolen consciousness must be returned 
to the victim’s dream-body. This is accomplished with a ritual, 
modified from Yoruba séances to expel evil spirits summoned by 
enemy dream magicians.
During the New Moon, the dream magician responsible for the 
curse is sought out. If several magicians are responsible for 
the curse, they must be gathered together, as the dismissing 
ritual must be performed on each person in turn.
The Outer Circle: Make certain those responsible for your curse 
are located within their temple, as this shall provide you the 
greatest power. If not, another location can be utilized, as 
long as it is within five hundred paces of their temple-stone. 
Under an open sky, face the moon’s darkened visage. Hold a 
cup of soot in your right hand and a cup of black sand in your 
left. Begin to walking counter to the sun’s orbit, visualizing 
a circle around the temple while sprinkling two lines from 
the cups; sand for the outer circumference, and soot for the 
innermost. While doing so, recite the following summons:
“Achdarat Chagidiel ferocior Malkuthat,
Adnanan opressior Cirkulo stadat,
Cirkulo fundat, in Nomine Chagidiel disparat ex carnata 
perdotris achdarat”
Complete the circle thrice. At the end of each verse, call out 
the name of the magician who brought you harm. If there are more 
than one, call out each name. With your third eye, visualize 
the temple as an abyss into which your tormentors shall fall.
The Second Circle: With the new moon’s face behind you, place 
yourself forty paces from the temple. Hold a copper bowl with 
your blood in your right hand. Hold a bowl of blood from one 
who does not carry the curse in your left hand. Walk counter 
to the sun’s movement, and visualize a circle as you mix the 
cursed and pure blood upon the ground. Recite the following 
summoning:
“Deorgaoth Chagidiel Thaumatorgion
Ex cricificio, ex carnation,
Ex mondato, ex Homo degrati pardanat.
Carnath, Carnath.”
With your third eye, visualize the circle’s interior as an 
abyss into which your pain shall fall. Step into the circle 
and seek out the magician/s who caused your suffering.
The Third Circle: Confront your enemy inside their temple, 
where their power is at its greatest. Complete three revolu-
tions around your tormentor, thus creating the final circle. 
If you have several enemies, complete the circle around them 
all. Recite the following summoning:
“Chagidiel atharatoth, Chagidiel nekrat,
Chagidiel incarnat”
You shall then witness your tormentors receive punishment, 
afflicting them with tenfold the pain and suffering they placed 
upon you; forever freeing you from their curse.
(Kramer, Filip (1988): The Power of Dreams, 
Black Sun Publishing, Berlin)
30
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

Magda’s Death
Magda is transported by ambulance to the Max Bürger Hospital 
in Schloß Garten, located five minutes by car from her Berlin 
apartment. Eventually, all the PCs arrive at the emergency room. 
Whoever travels in the ambulance notices Magda’s poor condi-
tion continue to worsen. They also detect signs of subtle move-
ments beneath her blanket.
Magda dies only ten minutes after arriving at the hospital, so the 
characters could miss the actual death struggle if they do not 
initially find her. Likewise, if the characters were unsuccessful in 
locating Magda, Irene Adler calls them in Hamburg. If they are 
in Berlin, the hospital personnel successfully track them through 
their workplaces and friends. Irene (or the hospital staff) ask 
them to identify Magda’s body. Eventually, the characters meet 
with the pathologist, Hans Georg Richter, for the identification 
process. Resume the campaign normally from this point.
Magda is taken into emergency treatment and personnel rush 
to her aid. A doctor, Maria Kellerman, is paged over the hospital 
PA-system, and within a couple of minutes a short, slim woman 
with brown hair and pale skin rushes down the stairs. She is 
directed to the treatment room and, in her haste, leaves the door 
open behind her.
The characters can see the events unfolding in the emergency 
room. The staff attempts CPR, shouting about cardiac arrest, no 
pulse, and they are losing her. Magda’s body remains hidden by 
the staff around her. A few frantic moments later, Doctor Keller-
man straightens up and sadly announces there’s nothing more 
to be done; they’ve lost her. The personnel grimly withdraw, 
allowing the characters a glimpse of Magda’s exposed body, 
providing them with a grisly shock.
Magda’s body is swollen and disfigured by red-black boils. It 
continues to convulse and pulsate. Suddenly, her skin splits 
apart and fat, yellow larvae with black heads burst through 
her flesh. They are eating her alive as the PCs watch. Magda 
screams, but is beyond any hope of assistance. The confused 
staff rush back in, but after ten seconds Magda’s screams fall 
silent. The characters have to Keep it Together. If they try 
helping Magda, they are pushed out of the room by the hospi-
tal personnel. “There’s nothing you can do. She’s gone,” they say. 
Meanwhile, the larvae squirm, turning towards the characters in 
a hissing mass.
If necessary, the hospital staff prescribes sedatives for char-
acters exhibiting violent or manic behavior. They are held for 
observation for several hours, providing them the opportunity 
to calm down. Staff members dismiss any details of Magda’s 
gruesome demise, simply comforting them and saying they 
were imagining things.
“It happens under stress. You externalize your feelings while coming 
to terms with the shock. It is nothing to be ashamed of,” they say, 
trying and failing to be comforting.
Exhausted and upset, Doctor Kellerman apologizes and 
expresses her regret. She inquires about Magda’s relatives and 
friends, as well as practical issues like funeral arrangements. 
As Doctor Kellerman speaks with them, the characters feel 
their skin tighten and itch from within. Small spots appear and 
slowly develop into purple rashes; they have reached the next 
stage of the infection. Even if the first 5–7 days have not passed 
yet, the shock of witnessing Magda’s death accelerates 
the progress. If the characters show the boils to a doctor 
or nurse, they do not understand what the characters are 
talking about, unable to see the symptoms. They reassure 
the characters they are imagining things. “It is not unusual 
after a major shock. Would you like some water or a rest?”
Shortly thereafter, the police arrive to verify Magda died of 
natural causes. Magda’s body, or what is left of it, is trans-
ferred to the forensic department. As the elevator door 
closes, she looks very small beneath the blanket.
An Understanding 
Pathologist
Shortly after Magda’s body is transported to the forensic 
department, the pathologist Hans Georg Richter comes up, 
exasperated. Despite what he’s been told by the staff, he 
can see what really happened to Magda. If the PCs attempt 
to leave the hospital as soon as Magda dies, he catches up 
with them at the entrance.
Doctor Richter appears nervous, but appears trustworthy 
after a moment of speaking. He is extremely polite and 
charming to any female characters. He is incredibly 
enthusiastic about his discovery and bombards the char-
acters with questions about themselves and Magda: “Have 
you seen UFOs? Met demons? Do you believe in the Tarot? Do 
you see this sort of thing often? Who was Magda? etc…”
Richter tells them he knows what really happened to 
Magda, and he has preserved some of the worms in 
glass jars. He also took bacteriological samples from 
Magda’s body. He invites the characters down to the 
forensic department to privately discuss what actually 
occurred. If they seem unwilling, he says he has infor-
mation about Magda he wishes to share, as long as they 
accompany him.
The Morgue
Doctor Richter takes the characters to the elevator, 
descending into hospital’s lower levels. They are led 
through corridors with flashing fluorescent lights, 
cracked concrete, and water-damaged ceilings and 
walls. A painted, red line marks their path on the side 
wall. Stairs and corridors go up and down in all direc-
tions, adding to the characters’ disorientation. They 
eventually arrive at an unassuming, steel door with a 
sign, “Morgue.”
They arrive in a large room with steel slabs, instruments, 
trays, and powerful lights. The floor and walls are con-
crete, while the white plaster and flickering, fluorescent 
lights add to the room’s harshness. Around the room, 
doors lead to a large forensic library, showers, coolers, 
and a restroom. Down one corridor, there is a small 
lunchroom, and a cold room with an embalming vat. 
The lingering stench of formaldehyde is suffocating. 
Ten stainless steel examination tables line the room. 
Magda’s body lies on one of them. Several worms have 
been placed in large glass bottles beside the table, 
alongside an array of surgical equipment. Her body is 
covered in blood and translucent, yellow fluid trickles 
from ruptured boils.
31
Magda’s Death
1

If the characters appear uncomfortable, Richter covers Mag-
da’s body. He guides them through the morgue, proudly 
showing off the equipment and telling morbid anecdotes. 
Finally, he takes the characters to the lunchroom and invites 
them to take a seat. He offers them coffee and Danish pas-
tries. While the characters eat, he keeps popping small white 
capsules – prescription medicine for his ulcer.
Richter provides the characters with a fair share of informa-
tion, talking in an excited voice between mouthfuls of pastry:
“I first encountered these symptoms in old medical literature, 
describing Russian soldiers after World War 2. The author – Lyu-
bimov, I think it was – diagnosed these as intestinal worms. 
But judging from the description, it was something completely 
different. Wait, I’ll see if I still have the book.”
He disappears into the library and returns with two books. 
The first is Valentin Lyubimov’s The Diseases of the War – A 
Pathological Overview, written in Russian. He flips to the 
pictures of the pox; the characters recognizing the same boils 
and larvae Magda suffered.
The other book is Antony Toporov’s The Curse of Diseases, an 
English book from 1922. Richter shows a page with pictures 
of bodies covered in boils. “This is a book about curses. Black 
magic, as it were. There’s a detailed clinical description of the 
disease’s progression. I noticed similarities to Lyubimov’s descrip-
tion of the disease. Toporov witnessed the infection in Leningrad 
before the 1917 revolutions. In his book, he claims it was caused 
by a curse, which can be dispelled by magic. He claims a witch 
performed the ritual to inflict these symptoms.
“And look here, ‘The power acquired from their suffering can later 
be utilized in other magical rituals.’ Be that as it may, this shows 
the parasite existed in Russia. Your friend was Russian, correct?
“I’m certain this is a rare, parasitic infection, which only afflicts 
patients who suffer from Herrald’s syndrome – a rare immuno-
deficiency disorder. The immunodeficiency isn’t dangerous in of 
itself, but opens the door for certain parasites. I have to conduct 
other tests on Mrs. Orlova to be certain.
“When do you think she was infected? Judging from the Lyubi-
mov and Toporov documents, the incubation period can vary 
from two to six months. They didn’t know of a remedy, although 
Toporov suggested magic. He suspected the course of the disease 
depended on rituals performed against them. I lean toward this 
explanation, as people with limited perception and intellect 
cannot see the symptoms.”
His gaze drifts to the characters armpits and necks, where 
purplish spots have started to appear. “If I’m not mistaken, you 
are in the preliminary stage. Can I take some tests?”
Richter knows the parasite is not contagious unless you suffer 
the rare immunodeficiency disease, which both the char-
acters and Magda apparently have. He promises to contact 
them within a week with the test results. The conversation 
ends and the characters leave the hospital.
A week later, Doctor Richter contacts them, confirming they 
carry the parasite. Within two to six months, they will suc-
cumb to the disease, just as Magda did. Richter expresses his 
sympathies for the characters; although, he cannot hide his 
morbid fascination. He asks them to keep in touch, so he can 
document the course of the disease.
Magda’s Funeral
Magda is laid to rest in a Russian Orthodox funeral on 
Berlin’s outskirts. Fifty people are in attendance; friends and 
peers from since the 1970s. However, none of the Russians 
attend the ceremony. Talking with the attendees, the char-
acters learn about Magda’s life since the 1960s. The priest, 
Father Fedorov, is Russian-Orthodox and tells the characters 
Magda met him some years ago, expressing a renewed 
interest in iconography. Father Fedorov is very interested in 
icons himself.
The Player 
Characters 
in Berlin
While in Berlin, the characters will likely stay at a hotel. There 
are several located in central Berlin with different price-
classes, ranging from 30DM and up. They can also stay with 
acquaintances or rent an apartment. A rental agency can 
sublet an apartment – located by the Bahnhof Zoo – to them 
for up to several weeks. It costs the characters roughly 1500DM 
each week to rent a centrally-located, three-room apartment.
Map of Berlin
The locations the PCs are likely to visit are indicated on the 
Berlin map:
[1] Bahnhof Zoo
[2] Magda’s apartment
[3] Max Bürger Hospital
[4] Johannes Hospital
[5] Social- and health insur-
ance registers
[6] The National Registration 
offices
[7] The Motor Vehicle Register
[8] The Slavic Association
[9] Alexanderplatz Main Post 
Office
[10] Mantra bookshop
[11] Anton Mahler’s Apartment
[12] Secure, Mahler’s company
[13] Filip Kramer’s Hideout
[14] Germanische 
Gemeinschaft
[15] Harman’s Mechanical
[16] Toxic Cafe
[17] Police Headquarters
Evil Dreams
The night following Magda’s death, the PCs suffer increasingly 
intense nightmares. The images darken, preventing them from see-
ing the faces of their tormentors, which are vague, diffused shapes. 
They sense they’ve seen these shapes somewhere, but cannot 
remember exactly where. Burning pain cuts through them, intensi-
fying until the agony makes everything else disappear.
When they awaken, they can only vaguely recall the dreams. How-
ever, they fear falling asleep and suffer continuous exhaustion. No 
amount of sleep makes them feel rested.
32
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

The 
Russians Strike
Immediately after Magda’s death, the three Russians begin a 
thorough investigation of the PCs. Their search is all-inclusive: 
bank statements, criminal records, medical records, educa-
tional transcripts, professional and personal addresses, and 
so on. The characters notice something odd going on after 
receiving notices for credit checks from various agencies. The 
police send a copy of their personal records, which have been 
requested by Schröder Import – a company they’ve supposedly 
applied to work for. Hospitals send out notices their medical 
records have been requested by family members and so forth.
Obviously, someone is trying to find out more about them, but 
determining who might be difficult. In each case, the specific 
authorities were contacted via phone or mail. Individuals and 
companies identified as inquirers either do not exist or have 
no knowledge of the requests being made. All responses are 
sent to an anonymous post box at Alexanderplatz’s post office.
The letters offer little information, no fingerprints or other 
clues. Their presentation, such as postage and zip-codes, 
appear to be correct. Even paper-types and names seem to be 
legitimate.
Meanwhile, Anton, Sasha, and Filip’s dreams and visions of 
the characters torturing and killing them intensify. Gradually, 
­Chagidiel mentally 
influences them into ordering Alexi Blobel and his men (Blobel’s 
Henchmen) to attack the characters physically. Alexi is confused 
by the mission’s peculiarity, but obeys their orders nonetheless.
Alexi and his group attack the characters outdoors in a secluded 
area, preferably at night. They wait until a suitable opportunity 
presents itself and then attack without warning, preferably when 
the characters’ guard is down. They are quiet and professional, 
unwilling to negotiate or talk with their victims.
Exactly what happens depends on the PCs. If the characters are 
violent and well-armed, Alexi and his thugs attack using small 
arms, such as pistols and revolvers, to incapacitate or kill them. 
If the characters are weak and unarmed, the minions only give 
them a sound beating with batons and clubs – enough to require 
a few day’s hospitalization. If Alexi’s group are about to lose the 
battle, they retreat and take their wounded and dead with them.
If the characters are being overwhelmed and likely to be seri-
ously injured, the GM can have someone intervene on their 
behalf, such as a passing patrol car. Alexi and his men retreat 
immediately. The saviors, however, inquire about the incident 
and detain the characters, calling an ambulance, if necessary. 
The characters are likely escorted to the nearest police station. 
This could lead to additional difficulties depending on the char-
acters and how they react; the GM should respond accordingly, 
especially if they are in possession of illegal weapons.
33
The Russians Strike
1

Magda’s 
Background
In addition to the information found at her apartment, the PCs 
can check into Magda’s background through other sources. These 
include her current medical records and previous records from the 
mental hospitals in Berlin and Frankfurt an der Oder. If the char-
acters have other avenues they wish to check, the GM can create 
the appropriate information. With the appropriate skills, they can 
uncover additional leads to other sections of the campaign. In 
each case, provide them with the following information.
Medical Records
Doctor Richter at the Max Bürger Hospital has access to Magda’s 
medical records. He allows the characters to look at them there 
and even create photocopies. Richter remains very cooperative 
and only requests an exchange of information for his help. He is 
very interested in finding out how events unfold.
Magda’s medical records are in a large binder containing nearly 
forty pages, covering the period from 1947 to 1990. Prior to 1951, 
the documents are written in Russian, and then in German after 
that. Until 1958, Magda is never referred to by her last name. 
Between 1958 and 1963, she is listed as Magda Schmidt. From 1964 
onward, her last name is recorded as Orlova. Filip Kramer is listed 
as her next of kin. Excerpts from the medical records are included 
below (see sidebar).
The characters must interpret the information found in the med-
ical records themselves. Richter can assist them with translating 
the hospital codes. He does not know what the Kirov Clinic is, 
but notes the Frankfurt Clinic is a psychiatric hospital in Frankfurt 
an der Oder. Johannes is short for the Johannes Hospital Psychi-
atric Clinic in old East Berlin. The documents are all notarized 
with doctors’ signatures. Up to 1958, all the signatures are by 
“N. Tatlina.” Over the subsequent years, more than twenty 
different names are listed. At the Johannes Hospital 
Clinic and in Frankfurt an der Oder, doctors 
confirm Magda has previously been 
a patient. Berlin cites the profes-
sional secrecy laws, making it 
impossible to relay any additional information. Schafer, the 
director at Frankfurt an der Oder, implies he might reveal 
more information in a personal meeting in the future, hinting 
at ‘compensation.’
Arnold Weiss
If the PCs try contacting mutual acquaintances they shared 
with Magda, Arnold Weiss’ letter found in Hamburg may 
point them in the right direction. Arnold is a good friend of 
Magda, who frequently met with her over lunch. Arnold is an 
older, pleasant lecturer in Asian languages at the Free Univer-
sity of Berlin.
If they contact him, he becomes shocked and upset upon 
learning of her demise. They can talk to him via phone or visit 
him at his terrace house in the western outskirts of Berlin. 
Arnold is in his mid-60s, looks fit, and sports a mop of white 
hair. He lives alone with three cats in the house, which is 
filled with books in Japanese and Chinese. He associated with 
Magda until New Year’s Eve, 1990. “She changed completely 
after rejoining that society, the Slavic Association. She became 
wistful and unhappy. It scared me somewhat. Did you know 
that she founded the society sometime back in the sixties?”
The Three 
Russians
By this point, the characters should have enough information 
to begin investigating Anton Mahler, Sasha Pogodin, and Filip 
Kramer. Of particular interest is Magda’s connection to Filip. 
If they only know about Filip, the other two names frequently 
appear in relation to him. If they should succeed in capturing 
Alexi Blobel and/or one of his men, the prisoner only says he 
works for Alexi. He knows Alexi receives his orders from an 
office in Kartenaustraße, “It’s called Slavic something,” the man 
says.
Excerpts from the Medical Records
Date
Location
Diagnosis
Action Taken
22.02.46
Kirov Clinic
Nervous hysteria
Isolation
12.07.47
Kirov Clinic
Refuses to eat
Force feeding
03.05.49
Kirov Clinic
Aggressive outbursts
Isolation
10.02.51
Frankfurt Clinic
Apathy
No action taken
25.09.54
Frankfurt Clinic
Significant improvement
Discharged on trial basis
07.11.54
Frankfurt Clinic
Hysterical outbursts
Restrainment
03.03.58
Frankfurt Clinic
Positive improvement
Discharged on trial basis
16.06.62
Johannes
Catatonic
Lorazepam
18.09.63
Johannes
Aggressive outbursts
Restrainment
23.04.64
Johannes
Positive improvement 
Discharged on trial basis
12.07.68
Johannes
Shock
Dobutamine
28.05.70
Johannes
Aggressive
Isolation
14.05.71
Johannes
Positive improvement
Discharged
34
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

Government Records
The PCs can find information on the three Russians via the civic 
authorities. The three Russians reside in what was formerly East 
Berlin. The characters must visit a number of government offices in 
former East Berlin, where old records are still stored. Everything is 
filed in the basement; nothing is computerized. The staff is careless 
and unpleasant. While the information is private, characters can 
pose as journalists, police, or other positions of authority. Bribery is 
an easy solution, the underpaid staff are more than willing to make 
copies of the files for compensation.
More recent documents are stored in computer-based regis-
tries. Characters must be more inventive in acquiring access 
to these materials. The characters can also break in with Open 
Locked Doors. They can also use the Hacker Advantage pro-
vided they obtain the phone number for the registry’s node.
Unfortunately, the information is not entirely accurate. Anton 
Mahler has forged parts of the registry to hide his past. By 
searching through the National Registration, Health Insur-
ance Registry, Social Insurance Registry, Motor Vehicle 
Registry, and/or the Criminal Records, the characters 
can uncover the following:
National Registration
Filip Kramer
Origin of Birth: unknown
Birth Date: (1937)
Registered: Berlin
Address: unknown
Anton Mahler
Origin of Birth: Berlin
Birth Date: 13.03.1938
Registered: Berlin
Address: Rösslinger Str. 134
Aleksandr Pogodin
Origin of Birth: unknown
Birth Date: (1935)
Registered: Berlin
Address: Müggel Str. 16
Medical Insurance Registry
Filip Kramer
Employer: information missing
Income last year: information missing
Anton Mahler
Employer: Self-employed
Income last year: 96,000 DM
Employer until 1990: Ministry of Agriculture
Aleksandr Pogodin
Employer: Self-employed
Income last year: 12,000 DM
Employer until 1990: Vortsberg Mechanical
Social Insurance Registry
Filip Kramer
Social district: Mitte Süd
Case handler: Beate Dittinger
Injunction: Enrolled for detoxification
Anton Mahler
Information missing
Aleksandr Pogodin
Information missing
The Motor Vehicle Registry
Filip Kramer
Information missing
Anton Mahler
B-DV 1234 9 (Mercedes 500 E)
Aleksandr Pogodin
B-FD 5487 (BMW 850I)
Criminal Records
Filip Kramer
Conviction  13.09.62  Arson, closed psychiatric care
Conviction  12.05.72  Murder, closed psychiatric care
Conviction  17.11.78  Drugs, conditional sentence
Wanted nationwide.
Under investigation for kidnapping and murder.
Anton Mahler
Information missing
Aleksandr Pogodin
Convictions  1965-69  12 convictions for black market 
trade, all conditional
Conviction  12.07.73  Drugs, conditional sentence
Conviction  30.11.90  Embezzlement, conditional 
sentence
Conviction  14.05.91  Accounting fraud, conditional 
sentence
Under investigation on five separate charges.
35
The Three Russians
1

Medical Journals
The PCs can also acquire the medical records for the three Rus-
sians through Hans Georg Richter. They reveal Anton, Sasha, 
and Filip Kramer were interred at the Kirov Clinic and the 
Frankfurt Clinic together with Magda. Filip and Magda were 
also together at the Johannes Hospital Psychiatric Clinic in the 
1960s. All three Russians share common traits in their medical 
profiles.
By contacting the Frankfurt Clinic, the characters can verify 
this information with Doctor Schafer. He implies he can 
provide additional details, if he met them face-to-face. If the 
characters travel there, they receive the information detailed 
in Chapter 2 – Shadows from the Past. More importantly, they 
will also encounter Pyotr and receive his doll (see Chapter 2).
Police Information
If the PCs have police contacts, they can obtain 
additional information without much prod-
ding. Filip Kramer and the other two 
are known suspects in Satanic ritual 
style murders. However, there is 
not enough evidence to arrest 
them or start the judicial process. 
It appears someone high up in the 
justice system is protecting them. 
Detectives at the homicide squad 
tell stories about closed investi-
gations, missing evidence, and 
witnesses ‘mysteriously’ dying of 
overdoses.
If the characters assure confidential-
ity, the officers are more open with 
their comments. Many express 
their fear and frustration with the 
situation. Filip Kramer is listed by 
the police as one of Europe’s most 
prominent and powerful Satanists. He 
has never been convicted, but is cur-
rently connected to at least two murders and 
one disappearance. He was seen together with 
two Romanian gypsy boys, whose dismembered 
bodies were later found in plastic bags in the River 
Spree. The investigation was closed, due to lack of 
evidence. The witness who saw Filip and the two boys 
has vanished without a trace.
The police also know that Pogodin was a mafia leader 
in East Berlin. Detectives know the three Russians meet 
regularly, and suspect that all three are connected to 
organized crime. They also suspect the Slavic Association 
functions as a cover for their illicit activities, but cannot 
find any evidence proving the link.
Contacts with the German Intelligence Services say Anton 
Mahler is considered a security risk. His entire back-
ground appears to be fabricated.
Newspapers
If the PCs contact Berlin newspapers and research their arti-
cles, they find several retracted articles about disappearances, 
organized crime, and ritualistic murder. The information is 
very similar to that held by the police. All the articles have 
been stopped by the respective publishers. The journalists 
shrug and mumble something about “friendly corruption.”
The Mantra Bookshop
The PCs can contact occultists in Berlin and learn about the 
three Russians. Inquiries will show that the best place to start 
is the bookshop, Mantra. It also has a small, Yellow Pages ad 
under the Bookshops section.
Located on an alley adjacent to to Franklin Street, Mantra, 
the bookshop is half-a-stair down and has a small, 
insignificant sign. The interior is much larger, con-
sisting of two floors with a maze of bookshelves. 
The owner, Erica Holler, is a short, thin 
woman with a dark crewcut and 
heavy make-up.
Erica tells them about the three 
Russians’ bad reputation, spe-
cifically their involvement in 
black magic, Satanism, and blood 
sacrifice. They are widely known 
for being dangerous, and sensi-
ble people wisely avoid getting 
in their way. She describes Filip 
Kramer as a ‘monster’ with con-
tacts within European Satanism.
She knows Filip Kramer wrote The 
Power of Dreams and that Black 
Sun Publishing is owned by the 
Slavic Association. She also knows 
the Slavic Association is actually 
a front for an occult organization, 
involved in destructive dream-magic. 
“Beware of them. Kramer and that Pogodin 
are dangerous people. They have contacts every-
where and they know how to use them.”
Mantra has a copy of The Power of Dreams for sale 
(70DM). If the characters inquire about the ritual, 
Erica Holler confirms it is meant for dispelling 
curses and should work, in her opinion. Other occult-
ists confirm the same, if asked by the characters. If asked about 
the incantations, the occultists explain they are meaningless words, 
solely meant to focus the caster’s energies.
If the characters look for books about curses, they find Arthur Schön-
berg’s The Physiology of Curses from 1934. It states curses often take 
the form of diseases. The diseases worsen as the conjurer performs 
additional rituals. A curse can only be broken if returned to its 
original source – the responsible conjurer – preferably when they are 
where the curse was originally cast.
36
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

The Disease 
Progresses
Over the following nights, the characters’ nightmares 
continue as before. Nothing improves, but they also do not 
worsen. Even so, they still feel tired and weak. At an appro-
priate – and inconvenient – moment, something terrifying 
happens to the characters. It begins with the vague sensa-
tion of something moving within their small boils, which 
have spread at this point. If the characters examine the 
boils carefully,for example, cutting one open or allowing 
Dr. Richter to examine them, they discover small yellow, 
larvae indolently eating away at their flesh.
The Slavic 
Association
Eventually, the PCs follow their many leads to the Slavic 
Association: Magda’s diary, Arnold Weiss, the Mantra 
bookshop, and Filip Kramer’s background should point 
them in this direction. If they do not make the connection, 
the GM can provide them with further information point-
ing to the Slavic Association. Contacts within the police 
mention they suspect the Slavic Association are respon-
sible for the recent attack on the characters, but any lack 
solid evidence. However, their descriptions match Alexi 
Blobel, a man employed by the Association.
A cursory investigation of the Slavic Association reveals 
it is a cultural society for Russian-born Germans. Their 
address and phone number are listed in the phonebook. 
They are located on Kartenaustraße 31, a small alley off 
Bernauer Straße, where the Berlin Wall once stood. The 
characters can acquire official information through Ber-
lin’s union council or by visiting their offices.
The Slavic Association was founded in 1961, in what was 
then East Germany. Its purpose was to assist German cit-
izens born in the Soviet Union trace relatives and locate 
documents regarding their family history.
The Association’s activities expanded, and it became a 
broad, cultural union of Russian-born Germans and Rus-
sians residing in East Germany. An office on Kartenaus-
traße was provided by Berlin’s local authorities.
In 1978, the publisher, Black Sun Publishing (Chernoye 
Solntse) was founded in conjunction with the Slavic 
Association. The company published materials produced 
within the Association, as well as Russian-language litera-
ture of particular interest to its membership.
Since the fall of the Berlin Wall, the Association broad-
ened its membership to include citizens of the former 
West Germany. Currently, there are some 840 members.
Its activities are mostly cultural events, lectures, study 
circles, and meetings with an emphasis on the Russian 
language and culture.
The Slavic Association Board has 
the following composition:
◊◊President: Anton Mahler
◊◊Vice President: Magda Orlova
◊◊Secretary: Helga Krausst
◊◊Member: Aleksandr Pogodin
◊◊Member: Erich Karpov
◊◊Substitute: Dorotea Boronina
Characters conferring with journalists and searching newspaper 
records find connections between the Slavic Association and 
Satanic activity related to Filip Kramer. The Association has been 
suspected of practicing an unusual form of occultism. However, 
all articles about the Association have been stopped by publish-
ers and editors prior to public release.
The Slavic Association is also suspected of having connections 
to right-wing extremists, such as Germanische Gemeinschaft. It 
is an open secret that money passes between the two organiza-
tions. However, articles about these transactions have also been 
quashed -- in one case due to the reporter dying in a car accident.
Gamemaster’s Background
In 1961, the Slavic Association was founded by Anton Mahler, 
Sasha Pogodin, Filip Kramer, and Magda Orlova. Living in Berlin, 
the four met one night to talk about old times – four years after 
their release from the mental institution. During the course of the 
evening, they realized all of them possessed only vague memories 
from their previous years. Indeed, everything prior to the mental 
hospitals was almost completely blank. They decided to closely 
examine their personal history, but quickly encountered extreme 
difficulties accessing their personal documents in Russia.
Undeterred, they formed the Slavic Association. Its intended purpose 
was to assist Russian exiles in tracing their backgrounds after World 
War 2. In its earliest mission statement, the Association’s goal was 
“to work in agreement with Soviet officials and members of the 
Communist Party to aid German citizens born within the borders of 
the Soviet Union to trace relatives and documents regarding their 
childhood.”
Filip, the Association’s president and most outspoken member, suc-
ceeded in obtaining documents showing the group had been in the 
Kirov Clinic in Moscow between 1946 and 1951. Prior to 1946, they 
had been in a concentration camp listed only as S-17. This discovery 
awoke Filip’s suppressed memories, the shock driving him insane. In 
his madness, he opened a portal to Inferno – destroying part of his 
neighborhood. As a result, both he and Magda were confined to a 
psychiatric hospital facility in Berlin.
In their absence, Anton and Sasha started using the Slavic Asso-
ciation as a cover for their criminal activities. Anton became the 
new president and evolved the Association into an exclusive feder-
ation for prominent Russians living in East Germany. The Associa-
tion’s statutes were rewritten and its original purpose completely 
abandoned.
After Anton started his Stasi career, the Slavic Association became 
an increasingly secretive club, which served as a bridge between its 
members and illegal organizations.
Upon Filip’s release from the hospital, he was demoted to messenger 
and enforcer. Magda began avoiding the three friends.
37
The Disease Progresses
1

From the late-1970s to early-1980s, the Slavic Association 
adopted more occult leanings, as Filip gradually introduced his 
two friends to magic. The Association remained an exclusive 
society club, but with an occult focus. Members uninterested 
in the occult disappeared and new members were added. Filip 
slowly regained his status in the Association.
Nigel Harcombe, an English death magician, became a promi-
nent member after 1978. He helped reorganize the Association 
into cells and ranks, as well as instituting complicated initiation 
rituals. In 1983, he caught the police’s attention and fled to the 
Soviet Union.
In 1984, the Association started cooperating with Germanische 
Gemeinschaft, whose leader, Ernst Vogel, had a keen interest in 
the Lore of Death. Vogel and Filip Kramer became friends, and 
drew the two organizations closer to each other. Anton and 
Sasha were delegated lesser roles, falling under Filip’s shadow. 
Aided by contacts within the Communist Party, Anton devoted 
more of his energy to protecting the Association and his friends 
from the authorities.
During the 1990 reunification, the Association competed with 
western Satanic and occult movements that threatened to 
destroy the Slavic Association’s and Germanische Gemein-
schaft’s shared monopoly in East Germany. Investigations by 
Interpol forced Filip underground, and his involvement in the 
Association was stricken from its official records. The Slavic 
Association assumed a new facade to fool the authorities, its 
occult activities continuing in secret.
The Slavic 
Association 1991
Purpose and Ideology: The official principles of the Slavic 
Association state it is a society club reserved for German 
citizens who speak Russian. The Association’s goal is to sus-
tain and evolve the Russian culture and language, as well 
as establish contacts to the motherland.
The Association’s heavy involvement with occult studies is 
commonly known among its close contacts. After Nigel 
Harcombe joined the organization in 1978, the Slavic 
Association has maintained close contact with Berlin’s 
Satanists, with whom Filip Kramer assumes a lead role.
The three Russians – Filip, in particular – use the Asso-
ciation to find new and obedient disciples, who can 
help broaden their magical knowledge. They also wish 
to expand the influence of occult circles over Berlin’s 
criminal community.
Anton Mahler and Sasha Pogodin are using the Asso-
ciation to strengthen their own tenuous positions. 
Mostly, they want access to magical tools to help 
them maintain their power. The lesser members 
are drawn to the Association by the opportunity to 
learn ritual magic and engage in exciting discov-
eries. However, Kramer’s emphasis on the Lore of 
Death has made more sensible trainees abandon 
the Association.
Size: The Association has 840 registered mem-
bers, of which only 350 are directly involved 
in its occult activities. The rest are passive or 
partake in the Association’s public activities.
Organization: The description of initiation requirements 
and social ranking hint at an occult connection. The current 
ranking system is as follows:
The three leaders: Mahler, Pogodin, and Kramer. Kramer is not 
an official member and has gone underground.
The public organization: The most common members, who are 
active in genealogy and Slavic literature research – making up 
nearly half the Association’s membership. They take part in 
study group activities and meetings at night. They’re aware the 
Association’s leadership are interested in religious mysticism, 
but little else.
1st to 3rd grade: The three lowest ranked members hold occult 
study groups two nights a week. Even members with no 
magic abilities take part. The meetings are led by Erich Karpov, 
who belongs to the 4th grade, but is unaware of the Inner 
Circle’s activities.
4th to 6th grade: Members belonging to the three mid-grades 
are taught practical magic, but at a very basic level. Their study 
groups meet nightly in the Association’s premises. The leader is 
Dorotea Boronina. She is aware of the Inner Circle’s activities, 
but does not take part in them herself.
7th to 9th grade: The Inner Circle. Only influential members 
and members with Magical Intuition are allowed here. All 
members are men, aged from 35 to 60 years. The Inner Circle 
recruits members from the Association, but this tendency has 
declined after the Association abandoned its focus on being 
a high-society club for Russian powerbrokers and heirs. The 
Inner Circles meet approximately once a month at Sasha Pogo-
din’s mansion outside Berlin. They engage in death magic and 
advanced dream magic.
Members: Members are still largely recruited from the former 
East Germany’s upper-class. Seventy-five percent of the Associ-
ation’s membership have Russian ancestries.
Resources: The Association’s leaders lost a substantial amount 
of their powerbase in the German Reunification, but still pos-
sess significant financial resources from the trafficking of drugs 
and weapons. Sasha Pogodin’s contacts in the underworld 
make them capable of acquiring military equipment.
Geographic distribution: Although headquartered in Berlin, 
the Association has contacts with occult and criminal groups 
throughout Germany, as well as in the former Soviet Union.
Premises: The official offices are enclosed in a small courtyard 
on Kartenaustraße. The shady part of the business is concen-
trated at Sasha Pogodin’s estate and random locations in aban-
doned industries and similar.
Openness: To the outside world, the Slavic Association’s main 
focus is studying the Russian culture and language. The Asso-
ciation’s occult activity is also well known, but is presented as 
harmless and playing a minor role in their public activities.
Connection with other groups: From the outside, the Associa-
tion appears to collaborate with groups related to the Soviet mil-
itary in Germany, as well as other national cultural Associations. 
Unofficially, it maintains strong connections to Germanische 
Gemeinschaft, Slava in Russia, and Satanists in Berlin.
Enemies: West German Satanists are discontent with the Asso-
ciation’s activities. They are prepared to remove Pogodin and 
Kramer, if they become a threat.
38
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

The Slavic Association’s 
Headquarters
The Slavic Association’s offices are located on Kartenaustraße 31, 
a narrow alleyway situated between old houses. The publishing 
house, Black Sun Publishing, shares the same address. Their 
offices are inside a rundown factory building. A rusted gate leads 
into the front courtyard, which is filled with junk and overflow-
ing trash containers. An old truck is parked here. There are three 
entrances off of the courtyard: one for Berlin’s Nature Conser-
vation Association, another for the Höder’s Furniture workshop, 
and the third for the Slavic Association’s offices. A plaque on the 
gate states that Black Sun Publishing is located in the same build-
ing. A short staircase leads to the first floor.
The characters can investigate the Association using three differ-
ent approaches. They can visit the premises, infiltrate the Associ-
ation, or break in at night. They can also surveil the building to 
see who comes and goes. These approaches are outlined below.
A visit to the Association
During the day, the player characters can openly go to the Slavic 
Association’s offices and acquire information about it. The lower 
level is open to the public, and they have little risk of encounter-
ing someone who knows them.
The Association’s day-to-day business is overseen by Helga 
Krausst, the organization’s office manager. She gives them a bro-
chure describing the Slavic Association’s history and public activ-
ities. She is overwhelmingly friendly and frequently talks about 
five things at once. During a confusing and long-winded conver-
sation, she relays the following information to the characters:
◊◊Magda Orlova helped founding the Slavic Association in 
1961.
◊◊Magda knew the three Russians personally.
◊◊Magda was elected onto the Board last May.
◊◊Helga believes Magda became increasingly erratic last sum-
mer. She washed herself constantly and frequently slept in 
the Association’s premises. Helga once heard Magda sing-
ing or muttering softly for an entire evening. She suddenly 
moved to Hamburg in July.
If the characters remain diplomatic and express an occult inter-
est, Helga confirms that the Slavic Association is an occult soci-
ety; giggling throughout the explanation. Should they ask about 
The Power of Dreams, she recognizes the book, but confesses she 
does not understand much of it. She quickly abandons the sub-
ject and excuses herself to work on more exciting duties.
Infiltration
If they wish to infiltrate the Slavic Association, the characters 
should assume new identities with enough information to 
stand up to cursory inspection. These identities do not need to 
be completely thorough, as it is unlikely anyone will scrutinize 
them. Enrollment itself is quite easy; Helga Krausst notes their 
contact information and provides them with a calendar outlining 
the group’s autumnal activities.
If they blow their covers, the characters find themselves in 
serious trouble. During the next meeting, the three Russians lure 
them into a trap, knock them out, and take them to Pogodin’s 
mansion for interrogation and termination. Of 
course, the GM is free to let them escape, in which 
case the plot continues normally from that point. If, 
by some chance, the characters kill the three Rus-
sians, the Incarnates are freed and the campaign 
continues normally thereafter. The GM should avoid 
this chain of events, if at all possible.
If the characters remain unnoticed, they gradually 
gather vital information about the Association. On 
the surface, the Slavic Association is a cultural society 
offering study groups and meetings. However, after 
their initial meeting, the characters are discretely 
approached by Erich Karpov, who inquires if they are 
interested in hidden knowledge and secret lore. Karpov 
is a slightly overweight man in his mid-40s. Anyone 
expressing interest is invited into a serious study group 
focused on occultism and ritualistic magic. There are 
biweekly meetings on Tuesdays and Thursdays. In atten-
dance are roughly twenty Association members, most 
of whom are recent additions. Erich Karpov supervises 
everything.
In time, Karpov indicates the characters possess poten-
tial, and invites them to take part in a meeting of a differ-
ent kind. “It’s far more serious. We actually enage with the 
ritual magic, not merely study it. There are more things in 
heaven and on Earth than you could dream of,” Erich Karpov 
says smugly.
These more studious meetings are led by Dorotea Boron-
ina, a short woman in her 30s. The meetings are held at 
the Association’s café every Tuesday and Thursday, after 
midnight. Real, functioning magic is discussed and prac-
ticed openly. A player character with Magical Intuition 
who really wishes to learn can acquire the Advantage 
Dabbler in the Occult.
After three months, Filip Kramer and the other two Russians 
become interested in characters exhibiting genuine mag-
ical talent (i.e., Magical Intuition). Filip shows up during 
one of the meetings, asking to speak with each character 
in private. During their conversation, he tries to ascertain 
what attitude the character holds towards magic. Hopefully, 
the character’s disguise is good enough to prevent being 
exposed under this scrutiny. If the characters successfully 
handles Filip’s interrogation, they are offered a chance to 
study in the Inner Circle, along with Filip and Sasha Pogo-
din. They study the Lores of Death and Dream here. However, 
it is unlikely the players remain in the organization for such 
an extended time, as the disease will continue to progress.
Breaking into 
the Premises
The PCs can break into the Slavic Association’s premises at 
night. In the evening, the offices are empty and there are no 
guards or alarms. (Common criminals avoid the building, 
aware that Pogodin and Mahler protect the Association). 
The outer door can be jimmied with a crowbar. They can 
also pick the lock, if they have the tools (Open Locked 
Doors). Similarly, the interior doors can be broken into or 
lock-picked.
39
The Slavic Association
1

Floor Plans for the 
Slavic Association
BOTTOM FLOOR
[1] Hall: A cold, shabby hall with stone floors and brick 
walls. A stairwell leads to the next floor. To the right, 
there is a solid, steel door with the words, “Black Sun 
Publishing.” To the left is an old, glass door marked, “The 
Slavic Association: Exhibition.”
[2] Passenger elevator: Old-fashioned with a bar gate to 
pull across.
[3] Modern freight elevator: Full of graffiti and an acrid 
stench of urine.
[4] Hall: Red, upholstered sofas sit along the walls. Travel-­
agency posters of Moscow and Leningrad hang on the 
walls. A huge monstera (Swiss cheese) plant fills most of 
the room’s right corner. Straight ahead, there is a sliding 
door, which stands slightly ajar.
[5] Wardrobe: Two women’s coats hang here.
[6] Toilets.
[7] Secretariat: If the characters arrive during the day, a 
woman in her 20s sits behind the desk; Helga Krausst, 
the Association’s secretary. The office furniture seems 
to be from the 1950s. Helga busily works on an electric 
typewriter. The walls are lined with filing cabinets. Behind 
Helga, a bulletin board is covered with more than twenty 
postcards and children’s drawings. Green plants are every-
where and three flowerpots with lily-like plants hang by 
the windows. A fat black and white cat lounges in one of 
the document boxes.
The archives: The filing cabinets only contain ‘official’ docu-
ments for the Association: member lists, activity protocols, and 
applications for subsidies. Nothing about the occult connec-
tion can be found in these archives. However, a successful 
Investigate reveals the organiza-
tion’s ranking system holds some occult significance.
[8] Resting room: The room is furnished with a bunk bed and 
blanket, a long table beside a worn sofa, and a tiny medi-
cine cabinet containing painkillers, Band-Aids, and valium.
[9] Meeting room: Worn benches stand in several rows, lead-
ing up to a speaker’s platform and podium. An old DIA slide 
projector rests on a table in the middle of the hall. Grey-
brown curtains cover most of the windows. A huge, palm 
plant stands in one corner, where the curtains are pulled 
aside.
[10] Café: Coffee is served here during the meetings. A cof-
fee-brewer has been set up on a counter. There is a mini-re-
frigerator behind the counter, and some tables and chairs 
scattered around the room; each table featuring a colorful 
pelargonium.
BLACK SUN PUBLISHING
Black Sun Publishing is owned and operated by the Slavic 
Association. They publish the Association’s newsletter and 
books about occultism, magic, and eastern European politics. 
For members and others who do not know of the Association’s 
occult activities, the publication of magic-related scripts is 
justified with the argument it brings in enough steady money to 
finance the other publications.
[11] Hall: A sofa and a coffee table stand against one wall. A 
painting depicts a black sun sinking towards a desolate 
cityscape. A bookcase contains this year’s releases, as well 
as issues from the Association’s journal. Of the ten new 
books, eight have titles like Through the Heart of Darkness, A 
Journey through Death, and Angels of Pain: Messengers from 
the Underworld. The other two releases are political and 
economic analyses of the current situation in the former 
Soviet Union.
[12] Production Room: Five light-tables for typesetting stand in 
the room. The blinds are pulled over the windows. Against 
one wall stands a large table that contains out-of-date 
40
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

graphic 
equipment. An elderly man is here, 
working on a book. He refers visitors to Herr Kochner, 
if anyone comes in asking questions.
[13] Composition Room: An old photo-setter dominates 
the room. Black Sun Publishing typesets and con-
structs their own books, but prints them at a formerly 
government-owned printer.
[14] Secretary: Maria Schwarzkopf, Kochner’s secretary, 
is a middle-aged woman, dressed in a practical wool 
suit. She handles all administrative paperwork at the 
publisher. The room contains a desk, a new electrical 
typewriter, and two filing cabinets.
[15] Office: A large table occupies the room, used both as 
a desk and for conferences. The walls are decorated 
with watercolor paintings, which feature obscure 
gods from the Hindu pantheon. Bookcases line every 
wall, laden with Black Sun’s complete production 
line since its 1978 founding. A copy of The Power of 
Dreams by Filip Kramer can be found here. Nigel Har-
combe’s books from 1978 to 1983 are also featured. 
They consist of nine different titles. The photo on 
the book jacket’s back displays a smiling man with 
dark hair and black eyes. The inlay outlines how 
Harcombe has been a “leading member of the Slavic 
Association, including several years on the Board.”
Ernst Kochner, the editor of Black Sun Publishing, is usu-
ally found here. He is close friends with Filip, and knows 
Anton and Sasha well. He regularly participates in the 
Association’s occult activities. There is a notation in his 
almanac to “Pogodin’s at 10” for tomorrow night.
[16] Storeroom: There are some office supplies and 
boxes filled with advertising materials and book 
catalogues.
[17] Washing room.
[18] Toilet.
TOP FLOOR
[1] Hall: On the left when coming up the stairs there is a door with 
the words, Seidelmann Advertising, crossed out and replaced 
with a handwritten note, “Slavic Archive.” To the right, there is a 
door with marked “The Slavic Association.”
[2] Passenger Elevator.
[3] Freight Elevator.
[4] Reception and Waiting Room: An olive-green couch and glass 
table sit in the middle of the room. Magazines are scattered 
across the table. Abstract art hangs on the walls. The room gives 
off a modern and sterile vibe, completely different from the sec-
retariat one floor below.
[5] Toilet.
[6] Sink.
[7] Coffee Room: The office employees have their lunches here. 
Nonfigurative art decorates the walls, which characters with an 
insight in occultism recognize as containing magical images and 
symbols. Three coffee tables are placed around the room and a 
coffee-brewer stands on a small table. Characters entering during 
the day encounter Lena Blühme, sitting here reading a magazine. 
An office-worker hired on a substitute basis, she knows nothing 
about the Association or its activities. She is assisting Ada Lohman 
(see below).
[8] Office: The sign on the door reads “Aleksandr Pogodin”. The office 
is empty. Stacks of paper are piled on the desk. The walls are 
completely white and undecorated. There are two bookcases filled 
with binders of occult magazines published over the last five years.
The Papers: On the desk, there is a few days’ worth of mail and piles of 
paperwork. The papers have been printed on a dot-matrix printer and 
their perforated edges are still connected together in a single length. 
Most of the pages are schematic printouts of magic rituals. Characters 
with occult knowledge realize they are rough drafts for summoning 
rituals.
41
The Slavic Association
1

The Almanac: There is a tabletop almanac on the desk. 
It is filled with notes; the entries abruptly stopping a 
few weeks ago. The last entry is for tomorrow night. It 
says “Meeting. 22:00. The Mansion.”
The key: Characters searching through the desk find 
a key to the archive room [14] hidden in a secret 
compartment, which has been poorly closed. The key 
appears new and is marked “Archive.”
[9] Office: It says “Filip Kramer” on the door. The office 
is empty. An Apple Macintosh sits on a desk against 
the wall. The bookcases are empty. The almanac has 
not been used the last six months.
[10] Office: There is an old personal computer on the 
desk. Under normal circumstances, Ada Lohman, the 
Association’s secretary, can be found working here. 
However, she has taken ill and has been temporarily 
replaced by Lena Blühme. Lena is currently typing a 
copy of a handwritten letter from Anton Mahler. The 
original is on the desk:
Dear Herr Treuber,
Berlin [this day’s date]
We recently discussed your willingness to intervene with 
persons who I fear may threaten our current operations. I have 
collected additional evidence showing these people intend to 
damage our association’s reputation, possibly by contacting the 
press. My associate, Mr. Kramer, has investigated the matter and 
concluded they likely belong to rivaling factions, whose interests 
conflict with our own. I beg you to reconsider your opinion on 
the matter and write back to me. As per our normal arrange-
ment, I will meet you at Herr Pogodin’s on [tomorrow].
Your friend
Anton
The Computer: There is an address database for all the Associ-
ation’s membership, as well as additional contacts saved in 
the computer. One of them is Harold Treuber, chief of police in 
East Berlin’s Friedrichshain.
The Almanac: Ada Lohman’s almanac contains several entries 
with “At Pogodin’s,” timed late in the evening. The next 
appointment is tomorrow night at 22:00.
[11] Conference Room: A simple conference table dominates 
the room, surrounded by eight chairs. A blackboard and 
an overhead screen are hung on the far wall. An over-
head-projector sits on the table, containing a few sheets. 
They show accounting diagrams and graphs account-
ing for the Association’s financials. Characters with any 
accounting knowledge are amazed by the vast sums this 
small organization apparently moves around.
[12] Hall: A grey hall with a couch pressed against one wall. A 
vivid painting depicting a human being turned inside-out 
hangs in the soft shadows above the couch. The painting 
is signed by Filip Kramer.
[13] Library: The books are secured in locked filing cabinets. 
There are roughly 3,000 volumes of exclusive occult liter-
ature kept here, most written in the German and Russian 
languages. Some volumes are extremely rare with only a 
few copies still in existence. A book-case contains more 
modern works. There are two books by Filip Kramer, The 
Power of Dreams and Death’s Messenger. The first book 
discusses ritualistic magic, while the other details demons 
hunting humans and dragging them into tailor-made 
hells. In this copy of The Power of Dreams, the pages con-
taining the chapter About The Breaking of Curses Contracted 
by Means of the Power of Dreams, are marked (p. 25).
During the day, there are always a couple of members of the 
Slavic Association studying here. These somber young men 
and women, dressed in black, ignore the characters unless 
directly spoken to and treat all outsiders with suspicion.
[14] Archive Room: Locked metallic doors capable of absorb-
ing the heaviest of force lead to the archive room. The 
locks are more complex than anywhere else in the 
building, but can be opened using the key in Pogodins’s 
office [8] or by using lock-picks and some force (the latter 
method is extremely noisy). The Association’s real docu-
ments and bookkeeping records are kept here. The con-
tents of the archive are discussed in Leads on the Premises 
of the Association (see below).
[15] Supply-room: In addition to standard office supplies, the 
room contains boxes of incense, copper and silver threads, 
marker-pens of various kinds, cartons of colored powders 
marked in Hindi text, and a human skeleton neatly packed 
in a cardboard box.
[16] Office: A modernized office with machines and filing cab-
inets situated along the walls. A painting rests against the 
far wall, turned around to hide its subject. It’s one of Filip 
Kramer’s works, depicting two children crouched in a pool 
of mud, cutting a third, bound, child with broken glass.
Rosa Treutiger, the Association’s financial manager, works 
here. Treutiger is an old friend of Anton Mahler, and reluctantly 
agreed to take care of the Association’s accounting after the 
previous manager was imprisoned on drug-related charges. 
She knows about most of the Association’s activities, except 
for the murders and disappearances connected to the rituals 
performed at Sasha Pogodin’s mansion. Treutiger is only in the 
offices on Tuesday and Thursday.
[17] Office: The words “Anton Mahler” are printed on the door. 
Anton Mahler works here in the mornings. The office is 
well-kept and furnished with a desk, a small Macintosh, 
and a manual typewriter on the tabletop. Along the walls, 
there are bookshelves containing journals, occult writings, 
and financial manuals. In the desk-almanac, the note “At 
Sasha’s 22:00” is dated for tomorrow night. There is a 
post-it note on the computer monitor, reading “F.345 678 
009.” GM Note: This is a phone number for Filip Kramer.
LEADS ON THE PREMISES OF 
THE ASSOCIATION
Black Sun Publishing: A few interesting leads are available 
here. The PCs can acquire yet another copy of The Power of 
Dreams at Black Sun Publishing if they want to. The ritual dealing 
with dispelling their curse is bookmarked. If they look through 
the published material, they find Nigel Harcombe was frequently 
published between 1978 and 1983. Biographical information in 
the book jackets describe him as being a board member for the 
Slavic Association. However, the Slavic Association’s records do 
not mention anyone named Nigel Harcombe. His name is also 
missing from Berlin’s phonebook. If the characters inquire with 
the police or sample old newspaper archives, they discover Har-
combe is an Englishman, who has been sought by international 
42
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

authorities in connection to several ritual murders since the 1970s. 
Nobody knows where he is today.
If they look through Kochner’s almanac thoroughly, they find the refer-
ence to the meeting at Pogodin’s mansion tomorrow night.
Lohmans Office: The letter in Ada Lohman’s office also references the 
meeting at Pogodin’s home.
Almanacs: The three Russians’ almanacs mention the meeting tomor-
row night.
Mahler’s Letter: The letter refers to the characters. However, if the 
characters have taken more than a month to reach this point in the 
campaign, the letter has already been sent. In this case, a copy may 
be available.
Pogodin’s Office: There are notes written down in Pogodin’s office 
detailing a ritual that opens a gateway to the realm of the 
dead. The notes are incomplete. They cannot be used 
to cast the ritual.
Archive Room: A thorough search reveals the 
following:
◊◊A large amount of money has 
been paid to the Germanische 
Gemeinschaft as a “consulting 
fee.” Leonard Freude is the 
listed contact.
◊◊An envelope containing a 
photograph of a gang of young 
men in Wehrmacht military 
jackets, who stand defiantly 
in front of a building that 
looks like it’s about to be 
demolished. Characters who 
know something about far-
right extremists in Germany 
suspects these are members 
of Germanische Gemeinschaft. 
Three people stand closer 
to the camera, two of whom 
the characters recognize as Filip 
Kramer and Alexi Blobel. The third man 
is dressed in simple uniform pants, a black 
shirt with folded arms, and black gloves. He 
has short-cut, dark hair and dark eyes. This 
is Leonard Freude. On the back of the picture 
someone has written “Remember this first day 
when we achieve the endsieg (the ultimate victory) 
– Leo.”
◊◊The Slavic Association owns a small press called Black Sun Pub-
lishing and receives several hundred thousand Deutsche marks 
each year.
◊◊Filip Kramer has been regularly withdrawing money from the 
Association’s funds over the past few years.
Mahler’s Office: The post-it note on Anton Mahler’s computer 
monitor provides one of Filip Kramer’s phone numbers. Judging by 
the area code, the address is located somewhere near the Haupt-
bahnhof. If they dial it, a female voice answers, identifying herself 
as “Chrissie.” If the characters mention about meeting with Filip, 
she asks who they are. If they don’t sound plausible, she hangs up 
immediately. If they can produce a reasonable lie, she tells them to 
leave a phone number, promising Filip will call back later.
Surveillance 
from the Outside
The PCs can keep the Slavic Associa-
tion under surveillance from an empty 
building that is marked for demolitionon 
the other side of Kartenaustraße. Sitting 
in a car near the offices attracts unwanted 
attention. Characters can also set up in 
either the Berlin Nature Preservation Society 
or Höder’s Furniture for the cost of a small 
bribe, providing them an overview of the 
building’s courtyard.
Helga Krausst, Ada Lohman, and Rosa Treu-
tiger arrive at 8 a.m. Shortly thereafter, other 
people begin turning up. Anton Mahler appears 
by 10 a.m. and leaves just before lunch. If 
followed, Anton goes to his own company 
– the security consultant-firm, Secure, 
located on Obentrautstraße. He 
stays there until 7 p.m., and 
then finally heads home. He 
is the only one of the three 
Russians who comes to the 
Slavic Association on a daily 
basis.
One or two mornings each 
week, Sasha Pogodin arrives at 
the Association to meet with 
Mahler for an hour or so, and 
leaving immediately thereaf-
ter. He usually returns home or 
spends the day meeting with 
business contacts. In contrast, 
Filip Kramer never shows up at 
the offices.
Each weeknight, people attend 
meetings on the premises between 
7 p.m. and 11 p.m. On Tuesdays and 
Thursdays, several members arrive around 
midnight, leaving between two and three in the 
morning.
The Homes 
of the Russians
The PCs can try to locate the three Russians somewhere 
other than the Slavic Association. Mahler and Pogodin’s 
addresses are found in Magda’s address book and in the 
phonebook; there is only one Pogodin, but three Mahlers 
listed. Filip Kramer’s address is not listed in any public 
registry. The address found in Magda’s book is apparently 
incorrect. An elderly woman found there claims to have 
been living in the apartment for the past twenty years. 
GM Note: She has been bribed to lie.
43
The Homes of the Russians
1

Pogodin’s Home
Pogodin lives in a luxurious mansion located in a secluded 
forest outside Berlin. The estate is surrounded by a high wall, 
crowned with razor-wire and broken glass. State-of-the-art 
sensors and an extensive alarm system makes the mansion 
extremely difficult to approach unnoticed. Pogodin also 
employs twenty bodyguards (Sasha Pogodin’s Bodyguards), who 
are loyal unto death.
In the case of violence, sixteen of them engage the intrud-
ers while the others help Pogodin and his secretary 
escape in his helicopter, located behind the house. 
If the characters succeed in getting into the house 
to investigate it, they find papers in the living 
room fireplace, many of which remain 
unburnt or slightly damaged. The 
surviving documents contain sig-
nificant information on Pogodin’s 
criminal empire, enough for a 
warrant to be issued. Pogodin 
has brought all the valuable 
paperwork with him. Also, his 
secretary possesses a photograph-
icmemory. If they are going to 
be caught, Pogodin shoots her, 
rather than risk her talking. In 
the basement, the characters find 
the temple from the pictures in 
Mahler’s apartment (see below).
Pogodin stays at the mansion 
approximately every second day 
and night. The characters can see 
him coming and going with his 
bodyguards. If they keep the man-
sion under surveillance, they see twenty 
men arrive in expensive cars around 10 p.m., 
as detailed in the almanacs found at the Slavic 
Association. They leave again after 4 a.m. It is the 
meeting of the Inner Circle, and the only time all 
three Russians are found in the same location. They 
do not have a regular schedule for these meetings, 
but arrange the meetings as required. Generally, the 
meetings take place once per month. As such, if the char-
acters do not strike during the first meeting, they’re forced to 
wait until the disease progresses to an unpleasant level or find 
an alternative plan for gathering the three Russians together.
Prior to the meeting, four of Pogodin’s guards arrive in a 
nondescript, grey van, parking it in the garage. Inside the van, 
they have the night’s ritual victim. After the meeting, the same 
four guards load the body into the van and drive it to the local 
garbage station, disposing of it in the rubbish incinerator.
If the characters enter Pogodin’s mansion while the Inner Cir-
cle is gathered, the events described in the Pogodin’s Mansion 
section below take place. In this case, the characters receive 
a vision (as detailed in Chagidiel’s Dream, p. 45), encouraging 
them to perform the ritual.
Anton’s Home
One of the three Anton Mahler’s listed in the phonebook is a 
20-year-old computer salesman, and can be dismissed imme-
diately. The other two are of interest to the characters. They 
must visit each personally to determine which one is the Mahler 
they’re looking for. They both own nice apartments in central 
Berlin. The phony Mahler often walks his three dachshunds, so 
the characters can see that he is the wrong person. The only one 
left is the true Anton Mahler. His apartment is guarded by four 
former Stasi members. They protect Mahler’s apartment because 
he has provided them with new identities and well-paying jobs 
in Secure, Mahler’s business. They do not fight until death, and 
flee if they are injured. Meanwhile, Mahler escapes over 
the rooftops and slips away. Mahler is a professional in 
all things, so he keeps nothing compromising at the 
apartment. The characters notice few personal items. 
A bureau in the living room contains 
a pack of blurry, color photographs 
apparently taken in a cellar. The series 
of photographs shows Filip Kramer 
killing a tied-up woman with a knife 
and draining her body of blood. 
Mahler’s pocket almanac lies on the 
kitchen counter. The meeting at Pogo-
din’s tomorrow night is noted there.
If they capture one of Mahler’s 
guards, he tells them everything 
he knows, namely that Mahler was 
a Stasi agent and his new company 
seems shady. The man knows noth-
ing about the Slavic Association 
or Satanism and will probably be 
shocked if the characters expose 
Mahler as a ritualistic murderer.
Filip’s Apartment
Filip Kramer is far more difficult to track down. 
No one in local occult circuits or the Slavic Associ-
ation is willing to reveal his whereabouts, or even 
admit to knowing him. The characters can find him 
in three different ways: infiltrating the Association 
and waiting until he chooses to personally meet them, 
tracing the phone number written on a post-it note in 
Mahler’s office at the Association, or following him back from 
one of the meetings at Pogodin’s mansion.
Filip is hiding with an old acquaintance. She is called Christine 
Schloßinger and lives in an abandoned apartment building on 
Duckenstraße 43. It has seven rooms. Christine Schloßinger lives 
in two sparsely-furnished rooms close to the exterior door. She 
opens the door if someone rings the doorbell. Beyond her rooms, 
there are three rooms filled with junk. A narrow corridor leads 
through the mess to two smaller rooms, which are facing the 
yard. Filip Kramer is found here. The furnishings consist of an 
electric stove, hot plates, and a dirty mattress on the floor. The 
walls there are lined with painting canvases, while a half-com-
plete painting rests on an easel in the center of the room. The air 
smells rotten.
44
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

Filip has turned the previous tenants 
– a man and woman in their 30s – into Living Dead. 
They are dressed in soiled clothes, covering everything except for their 
heads. Their mouths are sewn shut with coarse stitches. Their flesh is 
swollen, emitting the strong scent of rot. They attack anyone enter-
ing Filip’s section of the apartment, trying to drive the intruders out. 
Meanwhile, Filip escapes out the window and down the fire-escape. 
He chooses his next hideout more carefully, so the characters cannot 
find him from this point forward.
Chagidiel’s Dream
The Death Angel, Chagidiel, takes no chances now his plans are so 
close to fruition. Prior to the player characters confronting the Inner 
Circle at Pogodin’s mansion, they suffer another shared dream. If 
they are awake, the characters share a vision instead. The dream 
directs the characters to Pogodin’s mansion and the three Russians’ 
night meeting. This is the only time and place they can encounter the 
three Russians simultaneously, and perform the ritual to dispel the 
curse.
The characters share the same dream, remembering every detail 
when they awaken. It begins with them walking through infinite 
streets and suburbs with looming buildings. Dark shadows move 
behind the windows of every house. Behind them, the road is 
devoured by a vast darkness, forcing them to move ever forward. 
The buildings thin out until they find themselves on a forest road, 
which leads up to a solitary house. Even if they have never seen it 
before, they instinctively know this home belongs to Sasha Pogodin. 
They feel themselves drawn toward the estate, floating through its 
high walls. Guard dogs dance around the characters, but cannot 
reach them. They approach the house, passing through the walls.
Suddenly, an abyss opens beneath them, and they fall and fall. 
After a terrifying plunge, they land in Sasha Pogodin’s lounge; the 
ante-room to his temple. The temple’s door hangs open, the three 
Russians standing inside. They do not notice the characters enter, 
talking amongst themselves.
“They may have stumbled across my book on dream-magic. If so, they’ll 
try to break the curse. I think Magda suspected what could break it 
too,” Filip Kramer says. The characters realize they are holding 
a copy of The Power of Dreams in their hands. By itself, the book 
opens, turning itself until landing on the page with the ritual.
Instinctively, the characters start performing the ritual, first making 
a circle around the entire estate, then around the house, and finally 
around the three Russians. As the ritual progresses, they notice how 
the boils gradually disappear from their bodies. When the ritual is 
complete, the three Russians roar in anger. Everything fades and 
the characters awaken.
Pogodin’s Mansion
The PCs head to Pogodin’s mansion, south of Berlin, to investigate 
the Inner Circle’s meeting, and perform the ritual they believe 
will free them from their curse. The house is 20 kilometers south-
east of Berlin, amidst idyllic lakes, forested mountains, and open 
grazing land. From 
central Berlin, the house is a forty-five minute drive. A 
winding road cuts through kilometers of forest before 
reaching the house. The estate and surroundings are 
meticulously cared for by local nature conservation-
ists. Pogodin does not care about the area himself, he 
is only interested in the status it provides him.
A gate blocks the only entrance from the road. Beside 
the gate stands a guard booth, manned by a sentry 
who greets visitors. A 4-meter tall wall surrounds the 
entire estate, its top covered with glass shards and 
razor-wire. In addition, the wall is alarmed. Armed 
guards (Sasha Pogodin’s Bodyguards) with dogs (Dober-
mans) patrol the area. They always work in pairs, each 
controlling a dog. The security measures are rigorous. 
Pogodin only hires professionals and can afford the 
best and most loyal guards.
The house is a one-story mansion, built in the Germanic 
style with log walls and rustic trim. There is a huge 
turnabout in front of the house, as well as manicured 
gardens. In the backyard, there is a sprawling lawn and 
swimming pool. Hidden behind a copse of trees, there is 
a helicopter hangar with a small Huey-chopper.
The night of the Inner Circle’s meeting, Mercedeses and 
limousines drive up to the house, one after another. A 
total of seventeen middle-aged men in dark suits step 
out. The cars are then parked outside the wall where 
bodyguards and chauffeurs stand talking and smoking in 
the graveled lot. They’re familiar with each other and are 
suspicious of outsiders arriving at the estate. All trespass-
ers are taken into custody and kept locked up until the 
Inner Circle men emerge in the morning.
Pogodin wants as few witnesses as possible during the 
nighttime ceremonies. As such, the Inner Circle’s staff 
and his personal guards are ordered to remain outside 
the wall and make sure no one enters. The five guards 
allowed to remain in the house are divided up: one 
maintains the alarm central in the guard room, two patrol 
the bottom floor together, and the last two guards protect 
Pogodin personally.
The characters can enter in various ways. The shortest 
path is climbing the outer wall, without setting off the 
alarms or hurting themselves. If the sensors detect them, 
two patrolling guards go to investigate. False alarms are 
common, so they aren’t as attentive as they should be. 
The dogs remain locked up in their pens as they’re driven 
crazy by the sacrificing rituals. The characters hear them 
howling and barking at a distance. Once inside the com-
pound, the characters can find their way into the house 
and descend to the basement temple. There are few prob-
lems going through the house, as the interior alarms are 
turned off during the meeting. The characters may even 
be invited to the Inner Circle’s meeting, if they have been 
members of the Slavic Association for at least three months. 
By this time, they are probably very ill due to the parasitic 
infection and likely desperate for a cure.
45
Chagidiel’s Dream
1

Floor Plans for 
Pogodin’s Mansion
The main entrance is secured with three locks. Professional 
lockpicks are required to open it. All windows are connected 
to the alarm system at night, as well as when the house is 
empty. At those times, motion detectors are active near the 
main entrance, kitchen door, and the garden door. The secu-
rity system is deactivated when people are in the house.
GROUND FLOOR
[1] Hall: A hall with impersonal furnishings. It is apparent 
the house is mostly used for meetings. Three Japa-
nese-lacquered tables with twisted glass sculptures are 
positioned along the wall. Surrealist copper engrav-
ings hang on the walls. When the house is empty, a 
motion-detector covers the area around the front door.
[2] Guard Room: There is a table with two monitors switch-
ing between security cameras at the front gate, the rear 
veranda, the main entrance, and from inside the two 
servants’ rooms. A screen displays a map of the prem-
ises, indicating all the security systems. An audio- and 
light-signal tells them when and where an alarm has 
been triggered. One of the guards (Sasha Pogodin’s Body-
guards) remains here at all times. The air is full of smoke 
from cigarettes.
[3] Bathroom.
[4] Guest Rooms: A room with a wide bed, an empty desk, 
and nonsensical graphic images on the walls.
[5] Office: A huge desk dominates the room, along with 
three easy chairs. The walls are lined with bookshelves, 
which contain reference literature and binders. Pogodin 
meets important business contacts here; otherwise, he 
rarely uses the room. His secretary, Lorena Frühling, 
works here between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. on weekdays. She 
lives in the city and comes to the house when Pogodin 
resides there. Otherwise, she accompanies him for his 
work. Frühling is a tall, dark-haired woman in her 30s. 
She has a photographic memory and complete knowl-
edge of Pogodin’s business. If he believes she’ll be 
apprehended, he has her killed.
[6] Sasha Pogodin’s Bedroom: This room provides 
only the barest impression of being inhab-
ited. There is a broad bed with low, leather 
armchairs around it. In a corner, there is 
a worn reading chair and table next to 
it. The Turkish rug is damaged with 
cigarette burns, and the five ash-
trays are overflowing. Heavy oil 
paintings from the 15th century 
decorate the walls. By the 
reading chair is a well-
stocked bar cabinet, 
which contains differ-
ent kinds of vodka 
and whiskey. 
[7] Work Room: A large oak desk dominates the room. 
Stacks of paper are piled on the desk, pouring onto the 
floor. A manual typewriter is buried under the piles. 
Along the wall, there are waste paper baskets filled to the 
brim with dirty drinking glasses and empty bottles. On 
the windowsill, there is a 12-inch TV perpetually tuned 
to CNN. The room smells heavily of cigarette smoke. 
The blinds are shut and dark curtains are pulled across 
the window. A single metal lamp lights the room. This is 
where Sasha works when he is at home.
[8] Toilet.
[9] Storage: Various furnishings are stacked against the wall. 
Linen and broom closets are found to the right.
[10] Kitchen: A large modern kitchen with a gas-wood stove 
fills the middle of the room. The walls are lined with 
cupboards and shelves. At the farthest end, there is a large 
pantry. A door leads to the garage driveway, while stairs 
lead down to the basement. Prayut Chaiprasit, Sasha’s 
Thai cook, works here. He is a man of few words and 
completely loyal to his employer.
[11] Living Room: This functions purely as a conference room, 
and was built in split-levels. A small stairwell leads to the 
lower level. The furniture is made of glass and leather. 
Various prints decorate the walls. Large plants sit under 
ultraviolet lights, adding a naturalistic flair to the room’s 
presentation. An open fireplace is built into the north wall. 
Below the stairs, there is a well-stocked bar, which the 
cook tends during formal receptions. Sliding glass doors 
open onto the veranda and the yard.
[12] Dining Room: An old-fashioned dining room featuring a 
huge table and chairs with high backs. Cabinets containing 
porcelain dishes and crystal glasses line the walls. A crystal 
chandelier hangs from the ceiling.
[13] Storage: Linen, porcelain, and other household items are 
stored here.
[14] Bathroom: The servants’ bathroom. Definitely of lower 
standard compared to Sasha’s.
[15] Servants’ Room: Two beds, a small bureau, and two 
different easy chairs. The cook, Prayut, lives here with his 
cousin, Seoyong, who is the gardener and chauffeur.
[16] Eliza’s Room: A bed, a bureau, and a desk are in the room. 
This is where Sasha’s maid, Eliza, lives.
[17] Lounge: Low easy chairs and couches are grouped around 
two low tables. The walls are covered by bookcases with 
splendid works and rare volumes of various sorts. Among 
them are all four volumes of the Ybarra translation of 
“Don Quixote” from 1780. In one corner, there is an open 
fireplace.
[18] The Veranda: On the veranda, there are three tables with 
stacked chairs (put away until summer). A sloping roof 
protects the veranda from sun and rain. The roof contin-
ues around the house and forms a covered path to the 
guardhouse.
[19] Dog Pen: Ten Dobermans live in the pen. The dogs are cared 
for by one of Sasha’s bodyguards, Richard Streber.
46
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

47
Pogodin’s Mansion
1

BASEMENT LEVEL
[1] Stairs: The stairs lead up to the kitchen.
[2] Food storage.
[3] Boiler Room.
[4] Garage: Has room for two cars. Sasha’s metal-
lic-grey BMW 850i is parked here when he is at 
home. Next to the BMW, there is a grey VW van. In a 
wall closet, there are some twenty different license 
plates.
[5] Workshop: A carpenter’s bench and tools.
[6] Storage: Tools and spare parts for the cars, as well 
as gardening equipment.
[7] Recreation Room/Anteroom: The stairs lead up to 
the hall on the floor above. The room is furnished 
with two sofa tables, arranged around low glass 
tables. Colored light bulbs give the room a bluish 
sheen. On one of the short walls, there is an open 
fireplace. There are no mats in front of the fireplace; 
the red stone floor is exposed, with signs carved 
in the bricks. In front of the fireplace, there are ten 
polished skulls, neatly piled on top of each other. The 
skulls are painted with pentagrams and random sym-
bols. A bowl of soot sits in front of them, containing 
several sweet-smelling, incense sticks.
[8] The Temple: The temple has been sanctified by the Slavic 
Association’s Inner Circle, according to Filip Kramer’s 
instructions. In the middle of the floor, there is an altar with 
sides made of smoke-colored glass, painted with red and 
white signs. The altar can be opened like a cabinet. The mag-
ical tools are kept inside it. Thick, black pieces of cloth hang 
on the walls. The wooden floor has inlaid signs of silver 
and copper wire. A steel door painted with black signs leads 
further to the inner room. The walls and ceiling are insulated, 
so no sounds made in the room can be heard elsewhere in 
the house.
[9] The Inner Sanctuary: Beyond the temple is the inner sanc-
tuary, where only Sasha, Anton, and Filip have access. This 
temple completely lacks in design-refinement. There has been 
significantly more magic performed here. A character with 
Magical Intuition sees a black aura radiating from the room 
itself. In the middle of the floor, there is an altar built from 
concrete blocks, mortared with white glue, and stained brown 
with blood. More than fifty polished skulls are arranged 
around the altar. Some still have skin and meat hanging off 
the bone, while others are completely clean. A swarm of 
rats disappears into the darkness as the light is turned on. 
Crude signs and symbols are carved into the concrete floor 
and discolored with blood and ash. At first sight, the carvings 
appear to be magical symbols, but upon closer examination, 
PCs realize they depict the floor plans of a building. This is a 
primitive etching of Kalenko’s house in Leningrad, but the three 
Russians are unaware of this. They only know the carvings 
trigger strong, aggressive energies within them, which they then 
use for magic purposes. Woven in and around the drawing are 
numerous signs of large letter C’s with lines crossed through 
them. This is a symbol for Chagidiel, but again the three Rus-
sians are ignorant of this. A wooden box propped against one 
wall contains their magic tools, coarse objects of black iron, 
which radiate a shadowy aura to those who can see.
The Killers’ 
Dance
If the characters perform the ritual while the Inner Circle mem-
bers meet in the house, they must begin forming the outer 
circle around the entire estate, outside its exterior walls. This 
process takes nearly two hours. The middle circle is preferably 
placed around the house itself. The innermost circle must then 
be placed around the three Russians. To achieve this, the char-
acters need to enter the basement, where the men are located.
The mansion is filled with members of the Inner Circle, includ-
ing some of Berlin’s most powerful men. There are politicians, 
two high-ranking chiefs of police, some union VIPs, and 
several prominent business leaders here. They meet approx-
imately once a month to engage in sadistic pleasure and 
bloody rituals, which have helped them obtain the positions 
they hold today. All the practitioners are effectively untouch-
able by the juridical systems. No one can convict 
48
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

them without compelling evidence, such as video tapes, sound 
recordings, and credible witnesses. If the characters kill any of 
the participants, they encounter severe repercussions from the 
police.
Also present are tonight’s sacrificial victims. The three Russians 
obtain their magical power from pain and death. The rituals 
demand bloody sacrifices and torture. Five prisoners are 
trapped in the basement. They were picked up by Pogodin’s 
men in Poland and smuggled here to prevent investigations 
and make identifications more difficult if the bodies are found. 
There are three women and two teenage boys. After prolonged 
torture, they are killed around 3 a.m. This night’s ceremony 
begins around midnight and is completed just before 5 a.m. 
Everyone in the Inner Circle remains inside the temple during 
this time.
What happens depends on the characters. With the 
exception of the third circle, they can perform the 
entire ritual outside the house. However, the final 
circle must be drawn around the three 
Russians. No one from the inside of the 
house interferes with the characters 
during the three hours required to 
complete the two outer circles.
They can enter the anteroom 
without being discovered. No 
sounds from the temple can be 
heard, not even the tortured 
screams. Both the temple and 
the inner chamber are sound-
proofed. The door is closed, 
but not locked. When they’re 
prepared, the characters can rush 
into the temple and create chaos 
among the participants. If they’re 
armed with guns and use them 
(even if only by firing into the 
ceiling), everyone devolves into 
blind panic. Taken by surprise, the 
participants try to escape, convinced 
this is a police raid. Only two bodyguards 
remain, attacking the characters immediately 
and engaging in a frantic gun-battle until inca-
pacitated or killed.
The five horribly tortured prisoners are barely 
clinging to life. When the characters see the victims 
and the bloodstained room, they must succeed a roll 
for Keep it Together to avoid becoming violently sick.
Finally, they can proceed into the inner sanctum. Inside, 
Anton, Sasha, and Filip are working on their sacrificial cere-
mony. They are so focused on the ritual, they have not noticed 
the events unfolding in the other room. When the characters 
enter, they freeze in horror. As the characters complete the 
final ritual circle, the men shriek in terrible pain, falling to 
the ground and writhing uncontrollably. Their thrashing 
intensifies as the characters invoke the last sentences of the 
incantation.
Suddenly, the ground trembles with a low vibration, intensify-
ing into a small earthquake. 
A distant rumble is heard, as fluorescent bulbs on the 
ceiling explode and scatter glass shards everywhere. 
At the same time, the room’s four walls crumble away 
with a hideous crash. The characters are blinded in a 
cloud of dust. An ice-cold wind rushes forward, swirling 
in front of each of the characters, as if inspecting them.
A bluish light sparkles in the air, illuminating a large 
hall, which stretches out around them in all directions. 
Rough pillars support the ceiling. A rhythmic rumbling 
as that of machinery can be heard. The basement walls 
lie in rubble over the hall’s stone floor. Nothing remains 
of Pogodin’s mansion, or anything vaguely resembling it. 
The three Russians continue wailing and spasming on the 
floors.
Slowly, in the distance, three dark shapes approach 
from different directions. As they draw closer, the 
characters are probably shocked – roll for Keep 
it Together. The figures are three nepharites: 
the tormented creatures Chagidiel 
created from Yelena Kalenko 
and her two daughters (see 
Appendix). The obvious leader 
appears to have once been a 
frail, adolescent girl. Now, her 
long black-braided hair ends in 
rusted hooks. Her jaw has been 
torn from her face, and she is 
wrapped in a blood-soaked cer-
emonial robe. The other two are 
an emaciated, elderly woman 
with dried blood flecked around 
her mouth and a young woman 
whose body has been butchered 
and sewn back together. The lat-
ter’s stomach and internal organs 
are all gone, the only thing hold-
ing up her body is her spine.
The nepharites ignore the characters 
and form a circle around the three 
Russians. Without warning, the three Rus-
sians are turned inside out. Blood and entrails 
rain down over the nepharites and characters. To 
avoid shock, the PCs have to roll once again for 
Keep it Together. Three identical men rise from 
the still-living and screaming bodies of the three 
Russians. They appear in their 40s and slightly over-
weight with black hair and burning eyes: dopplegangers 
of the Pogodin that Nikolay Kalenko summoned back in 1941. 
They are naked and covered in blood and viscera. Smiling, the 
Incarnates slowly approach the characters who performed the 
ritual, filling them with discomfort and dread. The Incarnates 
each reach out a finger, still dripping with gore, and lightly 
touch the characters on their forehead. A burning sensation 
rushes through their bodies, racing from the point the Incar-
nates touch and down to the genitals. They are thrown back 
and helplessly collapse. Slowly, still smiling, the three men 
fade and disappear.
49
The Killers’ Dance
1

The characters lie on the floor. They feel defiled, as if they have been dipped in 
dung. Something inside them has changed for the worse, yet they do not know 
what. They’ve received Chagidiel’s Mark (p. 53). GM Note: The Incarnates are trying 
to trick the lictor they know is now on the way. By placing Chagidiel’s Mark on the 
three characters, they hope to lure the lictor into hunting the characters instead of 
themselves.
If the characters try shooting or attacking the Incarnates, bullets and blades 
simply pass straight through them, inflicting no damage at all. They do not 
even react. The three do not entirely exist in reality yet, so nothing can harm 
them. From this point forward, all the characters recognize Chagidiel’s Incar-
nates whenever they encounter them.
After the Incarnates vanish, the three nepharites drive rusted meat-hooks 
into the eviscerated bodies. They drag the impossibly alive Russians into 
the darkness without further ceremony. As they reach the room’s edge, 
they turn and pin their gaze on the three ‘marked’ characters. Even 
bereft of a lower jaw, the youngest of them speaks in a gurgling, wet 
voice, “You have summoned us. We have come. Your pain belongs to 
us. We shall meet again.”
The Three Nepharites
The three nepharites collect the Russians for their personal purgato-
ries. When the characters start performing the final ritual, the Russians 
feel the Incarnates awakening within them. They understand what is 
about to transpire – they will be taken away to Chagidiel’s inferno for 
eternal torment. In desperation, they call upon the nepharites to escape.
Memories of the three nepharites are deeply hidden in the three Rus-
sians. They met them the first time in Leningrad. They are created 
from Yelena, Katya, and Alyona Kalenko – Nikolay Kalenko’s wife and 
daughters. Chagidiel transformed them into nepharites during his 
first time in Leningrad. Since then they have reluctantly served the 
Death Angel. However, they actually hate the creature who remade 
them into these living horrors. They are ready to risk everything to 
break free from Chagidiel’s control. As such, the nepharites intend 
to liberate the children from Chagidiel’s hells, as this, in turn, would 
release them from the Death Angel’s ties. Normally, they do not 
risk working against their master unless they are certain they shall 
succeed. But something about the ‘marked’ characters awakens 
their sense of rebellion.
From this point forward, the nepharites reappear whenever the 
characters with Chagidiel’s Mark face extreme danger, and are 
where the Illusion is weakest. A successful Keep it Together is 
required to avoid shock when the nepharites reappear the first 
time. They turn their considerable power to helping the charac-
ters. Each time the nepharites assist the characters more mem-
ories and feelings from their past lives resurface. They become 
increasingly convinced the characters can be their saviors by 
stopping the Incarnates.
The ­nepharites also have an important role to play at the 
campaign’s conclusion. As such, if the characters kill them 
they simply disappear, only to regenerate after twenty-four 
hours.
Yelena
50
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

Epilogue
The walls reform and rise around the room. The PCs are back 
in Pogodin’s mansion. The three Russians’ mutilated bodies 
have not disappeared, and are still lying at their bloody feet. 
The bodies are truly dead and silent now. Every inch of the 
room is drenched in their blood. The characters hear the last 
hint of distant footsteps and muffled screams before silence 
truly reigns. The Illusion has been fully restored.
The characters would be wise to leave as soon as possible. 
The horrible events at the mansion are blamed solely on 
them, and there are plenty of witnesses around to say the 
characters murdered the three Russians. If the five ­prisoners 
aren’t freed, they are liquidated by the Inner Circle and 
disappear without a trace to avoid troublesome witnesses. If 
the characters take the five prisoners to the police, they send 
a squad car to the mansion, but all traces of ritualistic torture 
are gone. No one pays any attention to what the five captives 
and the characters have to say. If the characters do not get 
them out of Berlin and hide them, the prisoners disappear 
within a day. The characters are deemed wanted by the 
police, accused of murdering the three Russians. Their only 
chance to avoid incarceration is presenting photographic evi-
dence, in addition to witnesses (i.e., the five prisoners). In this 
case, they can go to the press, but are still sought for ques-
tioning. If the characters leave Germany or go underground, 
Interpol opens a case on them.
Interpol on the Trail
Immediately following the events in Pogodin’s mansion, the 
cogs of justice start turning – but not in the characters’ favor. 
If they have not involved any prominent newspapers, radio, 
or TV, the authorities distribute their description as people 
sought in connection to the murders. If the characters didn’t 
hide their identities during the events above, the description 
matches them accurately.
They are identified via the Slavic Association, hotels, and any 
other contacts they may have. Within 24 hours, their names 
are made public, unless they used false identities after arriv-
ing in Berlin. If they become wanted, Interpol is contacted 
due to Pogodin’s background within organized crime and 
Kramer’s suspicious activities. It is suggested some competi-
tor in Germany or elsewhere in Europe decided to liquidate 
Pogodin, and the characters are actually professional hit-
men. Even if they do not have criminal records and seem 
impeccable, they’re still branded as hired assassins. The 
Interpol forensic ­officers complete a thorough search of 
­Pogodin’s house, looking for footprints, fibers, and other 
clues as well as dusting for fingerprints. If the characters left 
any clues behind, the technicians find it. If the PCs can be 
identified from these traces, this takes another ten hours.
They are wanted under their own identities. All the charac-
ters receive the Disadvantage Wanted. While the characters 
are Wanted, their pictures are shown as suspects on TV and 
in newspapers. If the police know who they are, they stake 
out characters’ homes and hotel rooms. Their phones are 
bugged. People stare at them on the street, hurrying away. 
Friends refuse to talk with them. The police 
visit friends and family 
and put 
them in custody, 
interrogating everyone from their per-
sonal sphere. If the police do not know who they are, they 
trace them through witnesses who saw them traveling to Pogo-
din’s house. If the characters were members of the Slavic Asso-
ciation and disappeared without a trace, the police are notified 
and within 72 hours they are wanted for questioning.
The characters should change identities to avoid the threat of 
being revealed or arrested. The Fixer (or similar Archetypes) 
can always locate a suitable contact, even if he or she does not 
know Berlin’s underworld personally. If they lack the contacts 
or skills, they may still make the attempt, succeeding if they 
behave reasonably.
Through underworld contacts, the characters can obtain 
a “safe” apartment in Belziger Straße, located in the city’s 
Schöneberg neighborhood. It is in an old apartment house and 
has an entrance from the yard. The apartment belongs to an 
illegal art dealer, who spends most of his time abroad. It says 
“Höder” on the door. All the blinds are shut and pale yellow 
curtains cover the windows.
In Custody
If the PCs do not succeed in getting away, they are brought 
into custody for questioning. If possible, the GM should try to 
avoid this outcome. Provide the players ample warning signs 
when the police are on their way, affording the characters an 
opportunity to escape. If they still get caught, they are taken 
to Berlin’s police station and placed in separate cells. They are 
cross-examined and interrogated one-by-one for three days 
in a row.
Members of the Inner Circle of the Slavic Association frame 
the characters to avoid being caught themselves, fabricat-
ing evidence pointing towards them. If the five prisoners 
from Pogodin’s mansion have been killed, the Inner Circle’s 
members provide fake evidence linking the characters to the 
disappearances. If the characters have involved the press, 
they fare much better, as the Inner Circle’s higher-ups do not 
want to draw any unnecessary attention to themselves. They 
dispose of any evidence pointing to their involvement. The 
evidence against the characters is considered insufficient, 
and they are released after three days of interrogation.
They are instructed to stay in Berlin and check in with the 
police every week for as long as the investigation continues. 
If the characters attempt to implicate anyone at Pogodin’s 
mansion in the investigation, they find themselves in seri-
ous trouble. In this case, the Inner Circle wants them dead, 
arranging for an unfortunate suicide in their prison cells. If 
things progress this poorly, or the characters are likely of 
being convicted for the murders, the GM can introduce Ivan 
Chezenko (see Chapter 2), who attacks them while they are 
in custody. They are thrown into Inferno, where Chezenko 
(eventually) discovers they are not the Incarnates he seeks. 
He leaves them in an alley outside the police station, pro-
viding them with 10,000DM to make their escape. For full 
details about Chezenko’s attack refer to Chapter 2 – Shad-
ows from the Past.
51
Epilogue
1

The Slavic 
Association 
Strikes Back
After the PCs stop the Inner Circle’s meeting at Pogodin’s man-
sion, they perpetually have the Slavic Association on their 
necks. The Association cannot tolerate such an insult, nor 
the security risk. The murders of the three leaders must be 
avenged. However, the characters may have successfully 
hidden their identities. If Interpol and local authorities 
cannot determine who they are, the Slavic Association 
cannot obtain any useful information from their police 
sources. If the characters attended the Association’s 
meetings, they must continue attending regularly as to 
not arouse suspicions.
The Slavic Association hunt them using both magic and 
ordinary methods. With help from the police and the 
mafia, the characters are tracked down and their habits 
mapped. The characters begin noticing singular items of 
clothing missing: hair brushes cleaned, electric razors 
emptied, etc. The Inner Circle’s magicians gather these 
personal items for use in ceremonies targeted at them.
Alexi and his men also hunt them, but rely on guns and 
other weapons. They eventually locate the characters 
if they have not gone underground. The GM should 
evaluate the characters’ physical condition. If they are 
too badly injured, the GM can ignore the encounter 
with Alexi.
If the Slavic Association successfully steal the charac-
ters’ personal items, and the group is strong enough 
to handle the attack, they employ magical means to 
dispose of the characters. After a couple of days, the 
Slavic Association’s magicians summon creatures 
from Inferno or dream-creatures to destroy them.
GM Note: The magicians summon Ichtyrians and 
Psyfagi from Limbo. They send Living Dead and 
purgatides from Inferno. In a worst-case 
scenario, they summon a razide and 
send it to the PCs, but only if the 
characters can survive. If the PCs 
are purely academics and without 
weapons and/or magic, the GM 
should not employ these attacks.
Alyona
52
Chapter 1 – The Killers' Dance

Chagidiel’s Mark
A few days after the events at Pogodin’s mansion, the PCs 
‘blessed’ by Chagidiel’s Incarnates develop creeping, per-
sistent migraines. No matter how much they clean, they feel 
perpetually soiled. This sensation and the headaches con-
tinue, worsening over three days, before finally diminishing.
If they examine their necks, the characters feel a small, pul-
sating lump at the base of their skull. If the characters seek 
medical attention for the outgrowth, the doctor does not 
understand what they are talking about and cannot see 
it. The bump grows rapidly, becoming a meaty tumor of 
cartilage and blood by the next day. The headache disap-
pears. The tumor feels moist and uncomfortable, exuding 
a faint, rotten stench. The characters are compelled to 
eat larger portions, feeling endlessly hungry. Despite this, 
they feel more physically present and mentally aware 
than usual. Chagidiel’s Mark 
raises the ‘blessed’ charac-
ter’s Soul to +1, if it’s value 
is +0 or lower, and persists 
while the Incarnates remain 
in Elysium.
The Mark also provides the 
characters with a limited varia-
tion of the Enhanced Awareness 
Advantage. In critical situations, 
such as during combat, they have 
visions of Inferno around them: brief 
glimpses of heavy machinery, creatures from 
Inferno, and so on. This enhanced perception 
does not affect the campaign’s plot significantly, 
but the GM can use it to build atmosphere, create 
suspense, or provide the characters with informa-
tion. These glimpses of Inferno should be used 
infrequently, to avoid losing their effect. 
Katya
53
Chagidiel’s Mark
1

Chapter 2  
Shadows 
from the PAST
s
everal leads point the player characters 
(PCs) in two different directions. On one side, a 
series of clues refer to Magda and the three Rus-
sians’ shared background, specifically the men-
tal hospitals in Germany and Russia, Leningrad, 
and World War 2. These events are outlined in 
this chapter – Shadows from the Past – and con-
tinue in Chapter 2 – Dark Dreams. On the other 
side, clues direct them toward the Slavic 
Association, as well as its involvement with 
right-wing extremists in Germany. These 
events are outlined in Chapter 4 – German 
Autumn.
54
Chapter 2 – Shadows from the Past

While these chapters can be 
played in any order, beginning 
with the mental hospital in Frank-
furt an der Oder might offer a more 
natural progression. It is also possible 
to interweave Chapter 3 and Chapter 4 
together, running them in parallel. In this 
case, Chapter 3 occurs each night – during 
the dreams – and Chapter 4 takes place 
during the daytime. Running the chapters in 
unison can generate the tense and ever-present 
feeling reality is falling apart.
The Lictor 
Attacks
After Chagidiel’s Incarnates are set loose, lictors across Ely-
sium sense something terrible has happened. They also 
become aware of Chagidiel’s Mark, which draws more 
attention than the Incarnates’ unnatural presence. By cursing 
the characters with Chagidiel’s Mark, the Incarnates hope to 
deceive the lictors into hunting the characters instead. This 
affords the Incarnates enough time to create human bodies 
they can hide inside.
Binah sends Ivan Chezenko to investigate the disturbance. 
Three days after the Incarnates are freed, he tracks down the 
characters afflicted with Chagidiel’s Mark. Upon locating each 
marked character, Chezenko immediately attacks them, believ-
ing they are Chagidiel’s Incarnates.
Chezenko attacks at a time and place of the gamemaster’s 
(GM’s) choosing. A crowded restaurant or a moving train 
are suitable locations for creating dramatic effect. If the 
characters have been taken into police custody, the lictor 
attacks them in their cells, literally crashing through the 
wall.
The characters have little time to react when the lic-
tor attacks. The marked characters see Chezenko’s true 
shape and must roll for Keep it Together to avoid shock. 
Unmarked PCs only see a short priest in his mid-50s. Further-
more, all characters present are thrown into Inferno as reality 
is torn asunder by the lictor’s rage (see A Glimpse of Inferno 
sidebar).
Chezenko attacks the characters with his bare hands, intent on 
killing them as quickly as possible. Initially, he assumes these 
‘Incarnates’ have not regained their full strength. However, he 
quickly realizes something is wrong. The characters are simply 
not powerful enough, not even to be weakened Incarnates. He 
aborts his assault and attempts to defuse the situation. The GM 
should ensure that the PCs remain alive during the encounter, 
even if they are seriously injured.
While the group deals with Chezenko, three shapes emerge 
from the darkness. When they draw closer, the characters 
recognize them as The Three Nepharites from Pogodin’s man-
sion. The horrific women walk slowly and deliberately towards 
them, their gaze locked on the characters with Chagidiel’s 
Mark. Their ragged faces radiate with an unholy hunger and 
anticipation. Before they can capture their appointed victims, 
A GLIMPSE OF INFERNO
As the lictor attacks, the world falls apart around the player characters. The area’s 
walls and the ceiling literally crumble away. Everything made of glass, crys-
tal, and porcelain shatters, while wood and paper burst into flame. In mere 
moments, everything is reduced into piles of detritus, leaving behind only 
fragments of the previous world. They find themselves surrounded by a 
twisting labyrinth of chambers, stairs, corridors, and open shafts stretch-
ing away into the darkness. A foul breeze sweeps over the ruins.
The floor is slippery, coated in viscous slime. Masses of fist-sized 
insects scuttle aimlessly on the floor and walls. They possess 
humanlike features, as if people trapped within chitin and car-
tilage, mumbling softly. A wasp-like insect lies some distance 
away, its body man-sized. It ceaselessly lays eggs, which 
quickly hatch into new insects. This swarm of smaller crea-
tures hungrily burrow into their parent’s body, which is 
already half-eaten. Its human face silently pleads for 
mercy, deformed from 
endless torment. The 
player characters 
vaguely recognize its 
features, but do not 
know from where. 
Out in the dark-
ness, they glimpse 
other insect-like 
creatures being 
devoured by 
their offspring.
Chezenko’s 
human form
55
The Lictor Attacks
2

Chezenko recognizes the threat and transports the group back to 
Elysium. Their last glimpse of Inferno is the nepharites’ mad rage, 
denied their prey.
Chezenko takes them back to the location where the attack 
began, and the Illusion is again whole. No one present at the time 
of the attack appears to have noticed the encounter. Characters 
realize that the facial features of people they see around them 
resemble those of the infernal insects. The lictor ushers the group 
into a private place, and begins to harshly interrogate them. Each 
failed attempt at deception (Act Under Pressure) is punished by 
physical violence, equivalent to a Serious Wound. Chezenko is 
willing to kill them if they do not answer his questions. Who are 
they, why do they have Chagidiel’s Mark, what is their relationship 
with Chagidiel, where are the real Incarnates, and how are the 
characters connected to them?
If and when he is satisfied with their answers, Chezenko introduces 
himself. He talks in a skewed and untruthful manner.
“I am a humble servant of God,” he explains. “I have been chosen 
by Russia’s archangel to combat the demonic forces that you have 
set free. You have resurrected an evil born some fifty years ago. The 
demon prince, Chagidiel, came forth from a portal to hell, opened by 
the desperation and pain people suffered during World War II. I was but 
a modest priest in Leningrad then, divinely chosen to stop what was 
happening. Only by infusing the power of God into an innocent child, the 
woman you knew as Magda, was I able to expel Chagidiel from the city.
“But he was not returned to hell. A man who I considered an ally aided 
Chagidiel by hiding his Incarnates within the bodies of three children. 
These children grew up to become the three men you killed. By doing so, 
you have released the demon prince. Now, it is your responsibility to van-
quish him. If you choose not to, you forfeit your right to live, and I shall 
kill you here and now,” he says. “It would be a small mercy.”
He informs the characters the parasitic infection afflicting them 
can only be stopped by destroying the three Incarnates and expel-
ling Chagidiel. Chezenko provides more details about the events of 
1941–42, but distorts the story in the same way as above, focusing on 
his role as God’s faithful advocate against evil. Chezenko claims the 
characters must reenact the events of 1942. GM Note: This is a lie.
“You must hunt down and destroy Chagidiel’s Incarnates. But even this 
will not vanquish him. Only the archangel’s power can banish the demon 
prince. Thus, to succeed, you must enlist her help. And you must assure 
Chagidiel does not escape again. Seek me out when the time comes to 
destroy him,” he says and vanishes.
Occult Studies
The PCs can acquire information about Chagidiel by returning to 
Mantra, or through their occult contacts and/or studies of occult 
literature.
Characters succeeding with Investigate find several references 
to Chagidiel: the distortion of wisdom, the name of Hell’s eighth 
circle, and a demon who stalks the woods of Borneo and eats 
children.
Facts about the creature, Chezenko, are more difficult to find. 
Some descriptions of devils and demons in occult literature 
match his appearance, but it is hard to know for sure.
To the 
Frankfurt 
Clinic
There are several ways for the PCs to get to the 
mental hospital in Frankfurt an der Oder. Travel-
ing by car is the safest way, especially if they are 
chased by the police and/or the Slavic Association. 
Although there are police traffic stops, the char-
acters’ vehicle does not get pulled over. Tensions 
will run high, though, as they see the traffic slow-
ing down and other vehicles being sporadically 
stopped. At the last moment, they are waved 
through.
If they travel by bus or train, the characters may 
encounter trouble. If they are wanted, plainclothes 
detectives are placed along railway-stations and 
airports in and around Berlin as routine procedure. 
As the detectives are also responding to other 
surveillance information, the characters may not 
attract police attention if they alter their identities.
The Slavic Association is also hunting for them. 
Pogodin’s mafia organization and the Inner Circle 
have positioned their people in the same locations 
as the police. If the characters miss their Act Under 
Pressure roll or don’t take the proper precautions, 
they’re noticed amongst the crowds by members 
of the Slavic Association. Upon locating the char-
acters, the Association’s members follow them 
covertly, waiting for the most opportune time to 
attack. The attackers consist of five henchmen with 
the same stats as Blobel’s Henchmen. Their primary 
goal is to capture the characters alive, so they can 
interrogate and torture them later. If they sus-
pect they cannot accomplish this, they share the 
character’s whereabouts with the local authorities 
through their contacts within the police.
The police send ten men (German Police) to arrest 
them, armed with H&K submachine guns, bullet-
proof vests, and tear gas, and led by two plain-
clothes detectives. The detectives order the char-
acters to surrender. If they fail to flee or decide to 
resist, the other officers pacify them, only using 
deadly force if required. The characters should sur-
vive, suffering a Serious Wound at most. Anyone 
arrested undergoes the same process of interroga-
tions and trials as described in Chapter 1.
Characters who are police, agents, or have con-
nections with the underworld realize the risks of 
utilizing the public transportation systems without 
employing a disguise. If the players do not under-
stand this, the GM can point out what their charac-
ters’ experience tells them.
56
Chapter 2 – Shadows from the Past

The Frankfurt Clinic
Frankfurt an der Oder is a grey, solemn city near the Polish bor-
der. The urban decay is prevalent, particularly in outer neighbor-
hoods. In the city center is der Oderturm, a 24-story skyscraper 
built in the 1970s, featuring the building’s name prominently on 
top. Intended to be an office building, the structure ended up 
as a dormitory for workers at the local semiconductor plant. 
As with much of East Germany, unemployment levels are high 
and the outdated industries are struggling to compete with their 
modernized, western counterparts. Each day, 
people sit on benches along the streets 
or in cheap cafés, discussing the dire 
economic situation, unemployment, 
and how expensive everything has 
become.
Some revenue trickles into the city 
through the tourists, who come 
there to shop in Poland. Using the 
bridge to the Polish side, they leave 
with empty cars in the morning and 
return with overstuffed trunks in the 
evening, their load usually consisting 
of household goods.
The Frankfurt Clinic is located in the 
city’s outskirts, where numerous small 
industries and workshops are located. 
Most of them have shut down or oper-
ate at reduced capacity. The clinic is 
surrounded by grey tenements and 
abandoned industrial sites. Its closest 
neighbor is a fiberboard factory. The 
air feels heavy and metallic, filled with 
particles of fiberboard.
The clinic is located in an old manor, 
rebuilt in the early 1960s. A tall 
concrete wall surrounds the struc-
ture’s raised foundation. Beyond the 
crumbling wall, the clinic’s exterior 
is an unsettling combination of decay 
and abandonment. At one time, its walls 
were plastered white, but large flakes 
are falling away. A gravel road leading 
to the entrance has devolved into a 
muddy path. Tangled thickets of alder 
and decorative bushes (remnants of a 
garden) now grow wildly around the 
house. An unkempt lawn with masses 
of shrubbery decorate the house’s front 
yard. A cracked stone stair leads up to 
the main entrance.
No one is outside when the PCs arrive. 
However, they see curious faces 
pressed up against the barred win-
dows, distorted by the scratched glass. 
During the daytime, the front doors 
are left unlocked. A thick rope hangs 
beside the door, used to ring the 
bell for visitors arriving after 
Chezenko’s  
true form
5:30 p.m. When the bell is rung, the receptionist lets them 
inside five minutes later.
The clinic reminds the characters of every bad horror movie 
about insane asylums they’ve seen, rundown and primitive 
to the point of being a horrid caricature.
57
To the Frankfurt Clinic
2

Floor Plans  
for the Frankfurt Clinic
GROUND FLOOR
[1] Hall: The flooring is cracked marble, reflecting the 
flickering glow from the fluorescent lighting. The domed 
ceiling, once painted white, has flame-like patterns over 
its plaster from water damage. Weak cries echo from 
the rest of the building.
[2] Reception Counter: An elderly woman in a grey dress 
sits behind the counter, quietly knitting. If the PCs ignore 
her, she calls after them, pointing to the sign-in book on 
the reception counter. If they talk to her, she continues 
to silently knit until they state their purpose. She only 
speaks German, but no matter what language the char-
acters use, she tells them she will get Doctor Schafer.
[3] Stairs: Stairwell to the upper floor.
[4] Coat Room: Numerous coats and jackets hang here.
[5] Toilet: It is indescribably dirty in here. There is no soap 
or toilet paper.
[6] Dr. Doppler’s office: Doctor Nicholas Doppler is a tall, 
slim man in his mid-30s. He sits at his desk, banging 
away on an old typewriter, hidden behind piles of paper. 
He is completing his thesis in neurology and is uninter-
ested in actually treating patients. If anyone bothers him, 
he explains he does not know anything about the clinic 
or its residents. He does not leave his room willingly.
[7] Staff Room: The room is sparsely furnished with two 
scuffed tables and eight chairs. Two benches with faux 
leather upholstery and two blankets line one wall. Order-
lies occasionally sleep here. At least two orderlies are 
sitting here playing cards and drinking beer.
[8] Dining Hall: The hall was originally designed to be used 
as a communal area and dining room for the healthier 
patients. This idea was abandoned decades ago. Now, 
half of the ten tables are covered with dust cloths. Marks 
on the floor indicate where a piano once stood. The staff 
eat lunch in here now. Tableware is stored in large cup-
boards along one of the walls
[9] Kitchen: An old-fashioned kitchen with an enormous 
coal-burning stove and heavy-duty kitchen counters of 
wood and marble. A squat woman in her 50s with swollen feet 
shuffles about the pots and pans. An intellectually disabled young 
girl slowly peels potatoes over a bin. It is extremely dirty. The 
walls are grey-black and the ceiling is damaged due to damp.
[10] Pantry: A pantry with old tin cans, sacks of flour, and potatoes.
[11] Linen Storage: Clean linen is stacked on shelves, along with 
straitjackets and hospital robes. Two large hampers hold dirty 
laundry soiled with vomit and blood.
[12] Storage: Odds and ends of furniture, tools, and old junk is 
stored here. Medication is stored in a locked metal cabinet. Dr. 
Schafer and the division heads each have keys to this room.
[13] Therapy Workshop: Two carpenter’s workbenches are placed 
against one wall. There are some tools hanging on the wall as 
well. There are two tables in the middle of the room. Along the 
wall, there are empty cupboards, which once contained mate-
rials to work with. A lighter area on the floor marks where a 
loom once sat.
[14] Office: Vibeke Rausing, Dr. Schafer’s secretary, sits behind a 
desk with an old typewriter and several boxes of documents. A 
faded patriotic poster from former East Germany hangs behind 
her.
[15] Dr. Schafer’s Office: Doctor Helmut Schafer has a relatively 
well-kempt and bright office, which has a view over an aban-
doned estate. He sits behind an enormous desk in one end 
of the room, and invites the characters to have a seat. Book-
shelves with medical and psychological literature line the 
walls. A threadbare blue carpet covers the floor wall-to-wall. 
Drab prints decorate the room.
[16] Supplies: Office supplies of various kinds are stored here.
[17] Intern Schumacher: Mia Schumacher is a medical intern 
specializing in psychiatry. She is completing her practical 
period at the Frankfurt Clinic. Her temporary office is sparsely 
decorated with a desk and an old typewriter. She dedicates 
most of her time to studying literature for exams; she flunked 
earlier courses.
[18] Archives: All journals and reports from the clinic’s founding 
in 1961 and beyond are located in this confusing and obsolete 
registry. There are also earlier journals and records for all 
the patients Dr. Tatlina brought to the Frankfurt Clinic from 
Moscow.
58
Chapter 2 – Shadows from the Past

Karl Feuer is in charge of the archives. He is a short, hunched man 
who seems to be at least 75 years old. His personal filing system 
is incomprehensible to the outside world. Finding anything with-
out him can take hours, requiring a successful roll for Investigate. 
Feuer only retrieves documents at Dr. Schafer’s request.
[19] Basement Stairs: Behind a locked, unmarked door, there is a 
staircase leading to the basement.
UPPER FLOOR
[1] Hall: The stairs ascend to a bare, white hall. Solid doors with 
latches line the wall. A corridor leading in both directions 
ends at a steel door with the words “Ward 1” and “Ward 2,” 
respectively. One can clearly hear the soft murmur of com-
plaining voices.
[2] Staff Room: Two bare tables and some chairs furnish the 
room. A bench with vinyl-covered fabric and blanket rests 
against one wall. At least one Medical Orderly is always here.
[3] Shower and Toilets: The shower room is incredibly dirty 
with cracks in the tiles and stains covering the walls. Mildew 
creeps down from the ceiling and up the walls from the 
drains. Here and there, small creatures scuttle over the floor.
[4] Broom Cupboard and Storage: Contains cleaning equip-
ment, trays, medicine boxes, handcuffs, and other odds and 
ends.
[R1–R5] Rooms 1–5: The political prisoners are held here, leftovers 
from the 1980s when the clinic still accepted them. They are 
committed under false identities. Characters with knowledge 
of German politics recognize some of the patients.
Unwilling to admit these prisoners are being kept, Dr. Schafer will 
not allow the characters in here. There are currently eight prison-
ers: five men and three women. The oldest is a man in his mid-60s, 
whilst the youngest is a 30-year-old woman.
Two patients share rooms in 1, 2, and 5, while the patients in room 
3 and 4 are alone. The rooms contain two bunks and a tiny, barred 
window, which opens outward. The patients are kept heavily 
sedated, perpetually staring straight ahead. Five have become men-
tally ill due to their prolonged stay at the clinic. The three others 
– a young woman, a man in his 40s, and an elderly woman – have 
only been in the clinic for a couple of years and remain in com-
paratively good mental health. However, they are so drugged they 
cannot speak.
[H1] Hall 1: The hall contains eleven beds; paint peeling from 
their steel frames and bars. The room reeks of feces, 
urine, and unbathed bodies. Patients are dressed in 
white hospital robes. Four of them have been tied down 
to their beds, while the others are sitting or lying down. 
They are not as heavily drugged as the political prisoners, 
and some approach the characters when they enter.
[H2] Hall 2: There are ten beds in this hall. Patients here are 
more alert and active. Two of them are playing chess 
on a bed. Everyone looks up as the characters enter and 
are relatively healthy and well-treated compared to the 
patients in Hall 1.
[H3] Hall 3: There are ten beds in this hall. All but two of the 
patients are lying apathetically in their beds, mumbling 
quietly. The other two shuffle around the room, vacantly 
staring into space. The stench of feces, urine, and filth is 
overpowering.
[H4] Hall 4: This hall only has eight beds. Three women are 
playing dominoes around a table. Two boys sit on the 
windowsill talking. None of them appear overtly ill. If the 
characters inquire about this, the warders say these are 
local patients, who return home to their families over 
the weekends.
[H5] Hall 5: There are ten beds in this hall. Most of the 
patients here belong to the group Dr. Tatlina brought 
with her from Moscow in 1961. Everyone appears to be 
between 50 and 60 years old. Most of them sit apathet-
ically. If the characters look closer, they notice all of 
them have scars on their bodies and faces – from burns, 
cuts, or other injuries. Three patients are secured to 
their beds with straps, throwing themselves back and 
forth, snarling and yelling. When the patients see the 
three characters with Chagidiel’s Mark, they begin to 
panic, yelling, and running away.
In the farthest bed to the right, Pyotr Gallentinov sits in a 
fetal position, holding a doll in his lap. When the characters 
approach, he reacts to them as outlined below (see Pyotr).
[H6] Hall 6: There are ten beds in this hall. There are four 
patients here who have resided here since their intern-
ment in Moscow. They panic upon seeing the charac-
ters who bear Chagidiel’s Mark. The other six inhabi-
tants of the hall do not react.
59
To the Frankfurt Clinic
2

THE BASEMENT
[1] Basement Entrance: The stairs lead down into a 
damp stone cellar, which has been here since the 
house was built in the 1700s. A large, black dog is 
tethered beneath the stairs. It belongs to one of the 
orderlies and bites anyone who gets too close (1 
Harm). When the characters come down the stairs 
they hear roars, shrieks, and howls from the Special 
Ward.
[2] Staff Room: Appears much like the other staff 
rooms, except missing the vinyl bunk. There are two 
tables, simple armchairs, and an electric stove where 
a coffee pot is brewing. The two orderlies for the 
Special Ward are here playing cards. They have cattle 
prods sitting beside them on the table.
[3] Storage: Old beds, furniture, gardening equipment, 
and spare roofing tiles are kept here. The orderlies 
have cleared out on corner to make room for a 
vodka still. The smell of fermentation is noticeable 
once the door is opened. Some twenty filled bottles 
are stacked next to the still.
[4] Food Cellar: Three barrels of herring, some sacks of 
flour and potatoes, cabbages, onions, and carrots 
fill this room.
[5] Supplies: Medical equipment from the 1960s and 
1970s has been stuffed in here. Everything of value 
is gone.
[6] Storage: The room contains an old fire extin-
guisher, sand bags, cleaning equipment, and 
twenty rolls of wallpaper, which Dr. Schafer is 
waiting to sell off.
[7] Special Ward: The Special Ward is located 
behind a massive, steel door, which is opened 
with two keys. When the door is opened, the 
patients’ screams and howls become deafening. 
At the corridor’s far end, there is a pipe with a 
water hose and a bucket hanging on it.
[C1–C4] Cell 1–4: The cells do not have doors, but 
rather barred gates of reinforced steel, allow-
ing anyone to see directly into the room. A 
protective hatch in the bars can be opened 
to safely serve food. Every cell contains one 
patient; the hospital’s most difficult cases. 
Two of them are chained to the opposite wall, 
preventing them from reaching the bars. The 
other two press them-
selves against the bars, reaching into the corridor 
with clawed hands. All four are patients who accompanied 
Dr. Tatlina from Moscow. The stench is horrible. The keepers 
never go inside, preferring to spray down the patient with the 
hose and throw food in at the appropriate times.
[S1–S2] Special 1–2: This is the calmer Special Ward. Once fully 
padded, the rooms now show concrete behind torn-up stuff-
ing on the walls. Four patients are chained to the wall of each 
room. They show obvious physical changes, but are not as 
far gone as the patients in the cells. The keepers come in here 
and can touch the patients. However, when the characters 
with Chagidiel’s Mark enter, the patients go wild and try to 
break their chains.
Doctor Schafer
If they request any information, the PCs are led to meet Dr. Helmut 
Schafer. He greets them heartily and offers them a seat. “What can 
I help you with? You’ll have to pardon me if I’m a little direct, but my 
time is valuable.”
Schafer emphasizes the word “valuable,” giving the characters 
a meaningful look. If they attempt to question him, he becomes 
increasingly impatient, repeats how “valuable” his time is. If the 
characters bribe him with 500DM (or the equivalent thereof), 
Schafer suddenly becomes more receptive. He escorts them 
through the whole hospital, except for the rooms holding the 
former political prisoners.
The Archives
The PCs can gain access to the clinic’s archives, and Schafer 
instructs the archivist to help them in any way they need. The 
archivist expects a small bonus of at least 50DM for every day the 
characters spend in the archives and request his help.
In the archives, the characters discover Magda arrived at the 
Frankfurt Clinic in 1951, transferred from the Kirov Clinic in 
­Moscow. This was the same year the Frankfurt Clinic opened as 
an experimental facility for treating children with personality 
disorders. The three Russians also arrived in Frankfurt under 
the same circumstances. In total, forty-four children and young 
adults were transferred from Moscow to the Frankfurt Clinic. 
Twenty-three are still at the clinic: fourteen residing in the open 
wards, while nine others are incarcerated in the Special Ward. 
Fourteen other patients were discharged over the years, while 
seven died in the hospital.
60
Chapter 2 – Shadows from the Past

Pyotr
While Dr. Schafer guides them around the hospital, the 
characters notice one of the original forty-four Moscow 
patients does not become terrified upon seeing them. 
He is Pyotr Gallentinov. After a few minutes, he looks up 
at one of the characters and signals for them to come 
closer.
When the character approaches him, Pyotr reaches 
out his hand, offering them a small porcelain doll. The 
chosen character feels a strong impulse to grab the doll, 
and instinctively accepts the gift. If the character refuses 
to approach him, Dr. Schafer urges them forward, saying 
Pyotr is showing sudden progress – he is usually cata-
tonic, so this behavior should be encouraged.
The GM can use Pyotr to guide the players onto the right 
track, if they are lost. Pyotr offers information they’ll need 
to proceed, such as the connections with Russia and the 
three Russians’ contacts and past.
The Black Doll
Pyotr received the porcelain doll from Dimtri Nesterov, the 
icon painter who cared for Chezenko while he became 
a lictor and painted the black icon image. The doll is a 
mystical connection between the children held captive 
in Chagidiel’s Dream-Inferno and the power Nesterov set 
loose by defying the Black Madonna and freeing several 
children from Kalenko’s house. The doll has no connec-
tion to Binah. Instead, it connects the children with their 
memory of someone trying to help them. When the player 
characters enter their dreams in Chapter 3, the doll and this 
connection will help them free the captive children, thus 
restoring their hope. The Wanderer, Pyotr’s future-self who 
seeks out the characters, infuses the doll with his power in 
order to free his own dream-self in the past, as well as the 
other children who are held captive in Limbo.
The Special Ward
If the PCs want to enter the basement and look at the Spe-
cial Ward, Dr. Schafer becomes noticeably evasive. He tells 
the characters the ward holds nothing of interest to them. If 
the characters insist, he demands 2,000DM in cash to pro-
vide them access. Schafer warns the characters to prepare 
themselves for the worst.
“We’re dealing with patients who suffer from an extreme form 
of mental illness. Sometimes, they barely appear human.”
Schafer walks ahead of them down the narrow stairs into 
the basement, knocking on the door to the orderlies’ room. 
A large-built man comes out and nods silently as Dr. Schafer 
explains the characters are here to inspect the patients. He 
unlocks the door with a huge key from the key-ring on his 
belt.
Dr. Schafer remains in the background and does not enter. 
He is sweating and trembles slightly. The heavy, steel door 
swings open, igniting a series of inhuman roars, as if from 
wild animals. The keeper reluctantly lets the characters pass. 
He tells them to keep their distance from the bars.
The ­characters 
immediately realize something is wrong – the 
patients (Twisted Mental Patients) are truly mon-
strous. Spiked skeleton pieces protrude out of 
naked bodies, along the back and at the joints. 
Sporadically, their skin has peeled away, exposing 
grimy, white plastic and matte metal. Their heads are 
deformed with low brows and prominent jaws filled 
with shark-like teeth. Some of them are strikingly 
hairy, while others have no hair at all. Coarse claws 
scratch the cement floor as they try to reach the 
characters through the bars. When the characters 
with Chagidiel’s Mark come near them, they go 
into a frenzy. They throw themselves back and 
forth and attempt to tear off the chains and 
rip open the barred gates. GM Note: For added 
drama, have one of the patients get loose.
The characters with Chagidiel’s Mark can see 
the cell walls are half-collapsed, revealing a 
labyrinth of small rooms spreading outward 
beyond. They’re witnessing parts of Inferno 
– the Illusion is distorted under the pressure 
from the patients’ ceaseless fear and pain.
If the characters stay more than a couple of 
minutes, all the patients suddenly become 
fearful and panicked. They shriek and 
retreat into the corners, hiding. Heavy 
footsteps sound, and three figures appear 
in the distance of Inferno. They approach 
quite rapidly and the characters with 
Chagidiel’s Mark recognize The Three 
Nepharites from before. None of the 
others see Inferno or the nepharites, 
but Dr. Schafer senses their presence 
and becomes extremely nervous.
Unless they wisely retreat, the charac-
ters are attacked by the nepharites. 
Leaving the basement is sufficient 
enough to escape the creatures.
By now, Dr. Schafer is visibly 
terrified and wants nothing to do 
with the characters. If they ask 
him for more information, he 
refers them to Dr. Tatlina, who is 
retired but still lives in Frankfurt 
an der Oder. He provides them 
Tatlina’s address. “She was the 
clinic manager before my time. 
She might be able to answer all 
your questions. Now I must ask 
you to leave.” He refuses to 
answer any more questions.
61
To the Frankfurt Clinic
2

Natalya 
Tatlina
Dr. Natalya Tatlina is easily located. She is well-known and 
respected throughout Frankfurt an der Oder. If the PCs ask 
around, they receive directions to her house.
Tatlina lives some distance outside the city. Her home is 
a rustic, wooden house surrounded by a dazzling garden, 
filled with Dr. Tatlina’s passion – rose bushes. If the charac-
ters come during the day, they find her working in the rose 
garden.
If the characters explain what they want, Dr. Tatlina nods 
understandingly, inviting them inside for coffee and cookies. 
The house’s old-fashioned interior is filled with book-
shelves, lace tablecloths, small porcelain vases, and 
ornate wooden furniture. Everything is clean, but in 
no way tidy. The characters have a hard time 
understanding how Tatlina can find 
anything in the clutter. She shoves 
away various books, journals, and 
an incredibly fat white cat from the 
couch, offering them a seat.
Tatlina questions the characters 
thoroughly about who they are and 
how they know about the Mos-
cow children. If they tell her what 
has happened to Magda, Tatlina 
speaks more freely. She has always 
had a soft spot for Magda.
Dr. Tatlina explains she was the 
manager of the Kirov Clinic in 
Moscow during World War 2. 
In the spring of 1943, she was 
informed a group of children 
suffering from shell shock were in a 
concentration camp outside Moscow, 
more specifically Camp S-17. She went 
there and found the children living in appalling 
conditions. They had obviously suffered great 
misfortune during the war. According to camp 
records, they came from Leningrad.
Dr. Tatlina brought the children to the Kirov Clinic, 
caring for them over several years. Seven of the origi-
nal fifty-one children died during the first years. In 1951, she 
was offered the Frankfurt Clinic, and opened it as a modern 
facility dedicated to children with trauma-based and per-
sonality disorders. She brought the patients from Moscow 
to Germany. In the early 1960s, fourteen of the patients were 
discharged, including Magda and the three Russians. All the 
released patients were provided with places to live in Frank-
furt an der Oder. Dr. Tatlina has a record of those addresses 
and gives them to the characters, if they show interest. She 
believes some of the discharged patients moved, while others 
were later committed to other mental hospitals. Unfortu-
nately, the remaining patients could not be released.
If the characters inquire about Magda and the three Russians, 
Dr. Tatlina recalls two things. First and foremost, Magda 
seemed to be mentally stable when Dr. ­Tatlina met her in 
the camp, but she got progressively worse 
upon arriving at the clinic. Second, the three Russians always stayed 
together, protecting each other. The other children avoided them, 
as they were capable of the most horrific acts if they were not 
restrained. In the early days, they tormented at least two other chil-
dren to death. Only Magda could safely remain around the three. 
Indeed, they seemed afraid of her, avoiding her whenever possible.
If the characters ask about Pyotr Gallentinov, Dr. Tatlina remem-
bers him as well. He was a silent boy with intense eyes. He always 
walked around with a black, porcelain doll, which he kept for him-
self. If the characters show her the doll they received from Pyotr, 
she recognizes it and asks why they have it. “Pyotr never let go of 
that doll. It was the only thing he ever cared about. How very strange. 
If he gave you this, it was for a special reason.”
Discharged 
Patients
The characters can attempt to 
track down the fourteen patients 
discharged by Dr. Tatlina during 
the 1960s. They know Magda and 
the three Russians were four of 
them. Ten others remain to be 
found.
None of them live at any of 
the decades old addresses Dr. 
Tatlina provides. However, they 
can be traced down via the old 
addresses – all of which are in 
Frankfurt an der Oder. By visit-
ing these, the characters learn 
five of the patients committed 
suicide shortly after they were 
discharged. There are still neigh-
bors who remember them.
It is harder to obtain information about the 
remaining five. The characters can check with 
the national registration, police registries, and 
the city phonebook. They can also find out if 
any of the patients contacted hospitals for help 
since their discharge; Dr. Richter can assist them 
with this.
With this information, the characters discover all five reg-
ularly contacted hospitals during the 1960s and 1970s, but 
they seem to have managed through the 1980s without 
requiring hospitalization of any kind. Three of them died of 
natural causes over the last ten years. Two of them are still 
alive. The characters can obtain their addresses easily.
Searching the government register is not legal and requires 
characters bribe some low-level employee. By doing so, 
they risk an encounter with someone who is not bribable. 
The most practical solution is asking Dr. Richter for help 
(see Chapter 1). The good doctor does not care about the 
fact the characters are wanted by the police. He suspects 
the murder accusations are false and have something to 
do with their parasitic infection. He is happy 
62
Chapter 2 – Shadows from the Past

when they 
­contact him and is very eager to know what 
has happened.
If the characters have trouble with the police, 
they should be particularly careful. If they are 
not disguised, there is always a chance they are 
recognized when they visit an authority. If they 
are disguised, the risk is almost eliminated.
Ethel and Laila
The still-living patients are two middle-aged 
women: Ethel Brockman and Laila Nemtseva. 
Both of them have moved from Frankfurt an der 
Oder to the Marzahn suburbs outside eastern Ber-
lin. They have kept in contact through the years 
and live in the same area.
If the characters contact and ask to meet them, 
they accept. They do not want to talk about 
the past on the phone, suggesting they meet at 
Ethel’s apartment. “Things such as these should be 
discussed calmly, over a cup of coffee, right?” Ethel 
says. The characters can decide the time of day. 
The ladies prefer to meet in the afternoon.
The characters arrive in a sprawling suburban area 
with two-story houses made of grey concrete. They 
see small lawns devoid of trees or shrubs. There 
is a chill in the air. The houses were built rapidly 
sometime in the 1970s. The plaster has started 
flaking and the concrete is covered with obscene 
graffiti. Children are playing in a burnt-out car on 
the parking lot.
The decay is even worse in the entrance. The stench 
of sweat and urine hits the characters like a brick 
wall. A drunk sleeps on the basement landing, rolled 
in newspapers and cardboard boxes. Several empty 
bottles of rotgut line the wall.
The characters with Chagidiel’s Mark see ten 
enormous, disfigured bugs – nachtkäfer – hungrily 
circling the man. They also see a stairwell leading 
into the darkness behind him. Another ten or so 
nachtkäfer come crawling up the stairwell. Other 
characters only see the drunken man shaking in 
convulsions in his sleep.
If the characters do not intervene, the nachtkäfer drag 
the man down the dark stairs, while eating him alive. 
If the characters attack, the creatures quickly yield 
and flee from the Death Angel’s chosen.
Ethel Brockman lives on the second floor. The eleva-
tor does not work without the right key, so they have 
to walk up the stinking, fire escape stairs. When they 
ring the doorbell, a grey-haired lady opens the door. 
If the characters did not call in advance, she nervously 
asks what they want. When she hears what they are 
there for, she frowns, but still invites them in and calls 
for Laila.
The apartment is clean and tidy with an assortment of 
small, dust-free 
ornaments 
placed everywhere. The furnishing is sim-
ple and there is a small TV on a bureau. If 
the characters called and made an appoint-
ment, Laila is there and greets them. If not, 
she arrives five minutes later. She looks 
somewhat younger than her friend, but still 
older than her actual age.
The ­characters are offered strong black 
coffee and wheat buns. The two ladies are 
friendly and talkative. They seem generally 
plesant and cheerful. When the characters 
question them about the Frankfurt Clinic and 
their time in Russia, they become nervous and 
start stirring the coffee frantically.
They can give quite a bit of interesting informa-
tion, mixed with nervous laughter and attempts 
to change the subject to more pleasant topics. 
They suffer from horrible nightmares, much like 
the player characters. They vaguely remember 
a disgusting camp “before the hospital in Russia.” 
A young lady saved them from there: Dr. Tatlina. 
They have only vague memories of what happened 
before the camp. 
“All of us were there. It was dark. I can’t remember 
what it looked like. It’s a complete blank.” Anything 
else has been thoroughly suppressed. That is why 
they are still alive and, to some degree, functioning.
Epilogue
After their experiences in Frankfurt an der Oder, the PCs 
may have more questions than answers. However, they 
now know the Leningrad children played a vital role in 
previous events, Magda in particular. The characters also 
know they can end their terrible curse by defeating the 
creatures they unwittingly unleashed. Yet, with Chagidiel’s 
Incarnates free to weave their influence throughout Ger-
many and Russia, history appears doomed to repeat itself. 
Only this time, no one is left to save them.
Fortunately, whether they realize it or not, the characters 
have been granted a powerful tool to defeat this gathering 
evil: Pyotr’s Black Doll. No matter what the chosen character 
does to the doll, it always finds its way back to them, even 
if it is destroyed. The seemingly innocuous figurine not only 
serves as a psychic link to Pytor’s future-self, The Wanderer, 
but also with the children trapped in Chagidel’s Dream-­
Inferno. Details of this are outlined in Chapter 3.
Although the events of Chapter 3 begin on the night after 
receiving the Black Doll, the characters are free to proceed 
as they choose. Indeed, they may continue following leads 
outlined in this chapter while simultaneously playing out the 
events detailed in Chapter 3.
63
Epilogue
2

Chapter 3  
Dark Dreams
T
he night after receiving the porcelain doll 
from Pyotr (see Chapter 2), the player characters 
(PCs) share the same dream. If the characters 
visited the Frankfurt Clinic prior to freeing the 
Incarnates, the dream does not come until 
the night after the Incarnates are set free. In 
the dream, the characters see each other. 
The character who received the doll has 
it with them. If they try to dispose 
of the doll, it always reap-
pears after a few 
minutes.
The PCs 
stand in a white 
landscape, surrounded 
by fog. They glimpse low hills 
on the horizon. A lonely tree rises on a 
hillside before them. It is comfortably warm and 
a faint breeze ruffles up their hair, smelling of topsoil and 
the ocean. The sky is scarlet red, as if the moment before sunrise. 
Clouds of mist twist and turn. Shapes form in the veils of fog, only to dis-
appear as soon as they are looked at.
The characters can speak freely with one another and travel wherever they 
please. If they wish, they can walk in different directions, but always return to the 
group after a short while. After they have explored for a brief time, they notice a 
man sitting by the tree on the hill. He leans against the weathered tree trunk, rest-
ing comfortably. When they notice him he beckons the characters to come closer.
64
Chapter 3 – Dark Dreams

As the characters approach him, the man rises and intro-
duces himself as The Wanderer. The characters sense some-
thing vaguely familiar about him, but they cannot place it. 
If they inquire, he says he knows them, but cannot say from 
where.
In truth, the dream wanderer is Pyotr Gallentinov, who they 
met at the Frankfurt Clinic. Several years into the future, Pyotr 
becomes a skilled magician of Time and Space, allowing him 
to project himself backwards to speak with the characters.
“I understand you have come here so that I may teach you. You 
shall need my knowledge of the Dreaming Art,” the Wanderer 
explains.
Over the next several nights, the characters encounter the 
Wanderer every time they sleep. After warmly welcoming 
them back, he trains them in the Art of Dreaming, outlin-
ing what it is and how it works. Their nightly trainings are 
detailed below. After what feels like an eternity, he explains 
they’ve done enough for the night, but they will meet again. 
The dream fades away, and they awake. However, the char-
acters recall the dream in perfect detail.
The Dreams 
of the Wanderer
Each night, the Wanderer teaches the characters the Art 
of Dreaming. He meets them in the same place, by the 
weathered tree atop the hill. Every lesson begins with him 
explaining what they are going to do and how the process 
works. The characters have difficulties in judging how much 
time passes in the dream. Although they wake the following 
morning, every night’s dream lasts for several weeks, as the 
Wanderer use his abilities to distort Time. By doing this, the 
Wanderer can train them as full-fledged dream wanderers in 
just a few nights.
The First Dream
During the first night, the Wanderer teaches the PCs how to 
make alterations to inanimate matter while in the dream. 
The misty landscape twists around them until they are in 
a ruined city its modern buildings and streets hauntingly 
empty.
“This is an abandoned dream world. Its creator no longer dwells 
here, so these ruins are all that remain,” the Wanderer says.
“All you find here can be changed,” he says. To demonstrate, he 
transforms the weeds growing from the cracked asphalt into 
fruit and bread, then offers them to the characters.
The weather suddenly changes and freezing rain begins 
whipping at them, chilling them to the bone. “Tell me, what 
will you do about this?” he asks, challenging them to create a 
home in the dream.
Over what seems like weeks – it’s difficult to tell in the dream 
– the wanderer teaches the PCs the Advantage of the Art of 
Dreaming:
••The Art of Dreaming
When you affect changes in your lucid dream, roll 
+Soul. The changes are normally minor and fleet-
ing, and affect only one aspect.
(15+) Choose 3 options.
(10–14) Choose 2 options.
(–9) You lack control over the dream. The GM makes 
a soft or hard move.
Options:
◊◊Transform an object.
◊◊Your changes are permanent until the dream 
ends.
◊◊Your changes affect something large or a number 
of things.
The Second Dream
On the second night, the Wanderer tells them, “Some-
times, you must change yourself.” He becomes a bird and 
flies up into the tree, perching on a high branch.
The misty landscape twists around the characters. They 
find themselves in a peculiar landscape where multicol-
ored crystals grow in regular patterns. They are standing 
on a translucent pathway, surrounded by a crystalline 
labyrinth. The Wanderer does not tell them about 
the world’s origin, because it is one of his own failed 
experiments.
There are no inanimate objects they can change here. The 
characters must transform their own bodies to solve prob-
lems, such as increasing their strength to break through 
crystal barriers or gaining the agility to dodge the sharp, 
crystal spheres whirling in the air. Then the ground opens 
up beneath their feet and walls threaten to crush them. 
Unless they alter themselves against these threats – such as 
shrinking themselves to avoid the crushing walls – they are 
injured.
Once again, weeks pass within the dream and, after they 
awake, the characters receive a new option for the Art of 
Dreaming:
◊◊Transform yourself.
Each character also improves their value in Soul by +1.
The Third Dream
The third dream only occurs for PCs with Soul +2 or higher. 
Everyone else sleeps soundly through the night. If there are 
no characters with Soul +2, the GM can advance the storyline 
directly to the fourth (and final) dream instead.
The Wanderer explains he is leading the characters to a spe-
cial place – the origin of all dream magic. The misty landscape 
fades away, transforming into a cityscape, a glittering sea, a 
field of ruins, and then finally into an empty space, over which 
they hover. They are approaching the Vortex.
Large insects buzz through the darkness. The Wanderer teaches 
the characters how to change them. Soon, larger creatures 
65
The Dreams of the Wanderer
3

appear, such 
as flying lizards and fiery spheres. Over time, they must trans-
form larger and more complex creatures.
Weeks pass and the characters gain a new option for the Art of 
Dreaming:
◊◊Transform another being.
The Wanderer then teaches any characters with Soul +3 or 
higher how to open a portal in order to bring other characters 
into the dream:
◊◊Bring someone into the Dream.
You can only bring characters you have had physical contact 
with in the past.
The Fourth Dream
All the characters experience the fourth and final dream. The 
Wanderer explains that he must test their knowledge in a real 
situation. “You will meet terrible resistance soon enough. I do not 
want to leave you untested,” he says, summoning a curved blade 
to his hands. “It’s your turn now.”
The landscape fades and becomes darker. The characters find 
themselves in a labyrinth of rooms and corridors. The sounds 
of humming, pounding, and fluids flowing echo from every 
direction. Suddenly, a 3-meter tall Dream-Creature appears out 
of the darkness, its body covered in tarnished metal. With a roar, 
it raises a long spear and attacks the characters, forcing them to 
defend themselves.
The Wanderer assists them to prevent death or serious injury, 
but encourages them to be self-reliant throughout most of the 
encounter. When the characters stand victorious the Wanderer 
speaks to them, “Well done. You are now ready for what will come.”
He bids them farewell, promising they will meet again one day. 
He wishes them the best of luck and fades away. Characters gain 
a new option for the Art of Dreaming:
◊◊Create something from nothing (a single small, fleeting thing 
not bigger than what a normal person can lift and carry).
The characters awake fully rested, remembering everything they 
have learned. Any injuries suffered in the labyrinth have healed; 
even ‘dead’ player characters awake unharmed.
While the Wanderer teaches them the Art of Dreaming, the 
characters do not endure nightmares, as they are under his 
protection. After they are trained in the Art of Dreaming, the 
characters can withstand their nightmares more readily. Those 
characters who trained for all four dreams sleep calmly from 
this point forward. Those with a lower skill in the Art of Dream-
ing still suffer nightmares, but can mitigate them.
The Dream Clinic
The following night, the characters share the same dream again, 
but this time the Wanderer is absent. All the characters are chil-
dren about 10 years old. They sit in the back seat of a worn-down 
Mercedes. The car has no chauffeur. Everything is viewed through 
a child’s perspective, distorted and threatening. The character 
who previously received Pyotr’s doll is now holding it. Whatever 
the doll-holder does, the doll always returns to them.
They are driving along a dark, deserted road. Single beams of 
light illuminate the forest passing by beyond the car’s windows. 
Burning barrels of gasoline line the roadside and dot the road 
itself. The driverless car carefully navigates between them. It is 
not possible to control the vehicle, and it continues moving no 
matter what the characters do. The doors are locked and they 
cannot jump out. If they use Art of Dreaming to escape the car, 
they always discover themselves standing in front of the clinic 
after walking around for a bit.
The forest thins out, its trees are barren. The dead tree branches 
scrape threateningly at cracked windows. Bitter cold floods the 
car’s interior. Black, spiky ruins rise around them. Barbed wire 
snakes over and between the crumbling buildings and dead 
trees. Deep trenches cut deep gashes across the landscape in 
crude patterns. Rotting bodies lie along the roadside like dis-
carded ragdolls. Every now and then, massive explosions light 
up the night and shake the ground.
The characters are experiencing reflections from Pyotr’s (and 
the other children’s) past. In the dream, they undergo the equiv-
alent of what his black doll endured in reality. The doll serves 
as a connection between the children’s Dream-Inferno and the 
characters’ dreams. They are pulled into the Dream-Inferno by 
the young Pyotr, who hopes they can free the children from 
Chagidiel’s Dream-Incarnate.
But the characters are not helpless prisoners in Pyotr’s dream. 
They can alter the dream and themselves with the Art of 
Dreaming, much in the same way they can manipulate their 
own dream worlds.
The car glides through the darkness, bouncing over the rough 
asphalt. A black moon stares down from the night sky like a 
dead eye, a gate into death. They soon drive through heavy, 
metal gates, which close behind them. Twisted trees cast 
shadows over an overgrown lawn. Toppled garden furniture 
lies in the thickets covered by moldering leaves.
They have arrived at the dream version of the Frankfurt Clinic 
(see sidebar). An impenetrable forest with ruins, barbed-wire 
fences, and muddy trenches surround the clinic. Explosions 
can be heard in the distance. A narrow road leads between 
tangled wires and shrubbery, up to the clinic. Its gates are 
half open like a gaping mouth. It is identical to the 
muddy clay road leading to the Frankfurt Clinic in 
the waking world.
The car glides up in front of the clinic’s main gate 
and stops. The doors open with an unpleasant 
metallic sound. When the PCs exit the car, its doors 
close and it drives away silently, disappearing into 
the night. The Frankfurt Clinic’s facade towers above 
them. It appears virtually identical to the waking 
world, except everything is more decrepit and 
THE DREAM CLINIC
The Dream Clinic does not adhere to normal physics. When the 
player characters leave the ground floor via any of the stairwells, 
they are unable to return to this area. The dream like environ-
ment transports them either to the second floor or the base-
ment (see below). As such, the GM should keep this in mind if 
they wish the characters to find something on the ground floor.
66
Chapter 3 – Dark Dreams

decayed. Rotting ivy clings to the grey walls. The windows gaze 
down on them like glittering eyes, casting luminous rectangles 
at their feet. Suddenly, the shriek from a wounded animal cuts 
the night air. The building appears bigger than they remember 
it, as they are only half their normal size and everything has 
more frightening proportions.
Map & Floor Plans 
of the Dream Clinic
GROUND FLOOR
[1] Hall: The floor is cracked marble. Large moisture stains 
spread across the ceiling, their shapes changing and mov-
ing. The fluorescent lights create a flaming blue sheen in 
the hall. A low, wailing tone perpetually pierces the ears. 
Straight ahead, stairs appear to head upward, but they do 
not lead to the upper floor. If the characters follow them, 
they discover themselves in the basement (see sidebar).
[2] Reception counter: Someone stands behind the counter, 
who looks like the woman from the waking world. How-
ever, upon closer inspection, she is shorter and thinner 
with stripy black hair and cold eyes. The characters realize 
she resembles the nepharites who dragged the three Rus-
sians away in Pogodin’s basement. This is Pyotr’s memory 
of Yelena Kalenko. If the character who was chosen by 
Yelena recognizes her, she smiles with a mouthful of sharp 
teeth.
[3] Coat Room and Toilet: Appears exactly as it does in the 
waking world.
[4] Dr. Doppler: Dr. Doppler sits typing behind a mountain of 
papers. He looks a little wilder, more dangerous than he 
does in real life. If the characters enter, he becomes furious 
and throws a heavy stapler at them. The papers scattered 
across the floor are filled with the letter “X” written over and 
over again. When viewed at the proper angle, the letters 
form a black and white image – the face of Ivan Sergeyevich 
Pogodin, one of the three Incarnates.
[5] Staff Room: The room appears as it does in the waking 
world, except the number of empty beer bottles on the 
table has grown considerably. The two dream orderlies 
here attack the characters on sight.
[6] Dining hall: The dining hall has changed from when the 
PCs saw it. It isnow a reflection of Pyotr’s memories from 
when he first arrived at the clinic. There are fine table-
cloths covering all the tables and the water-damage isn’t 
as severe. Against the farthest wall, a piano stands on the 
floor’s white spot. Someone is sitting there, playing. As the 
characters come closer, they recognize Dr. Natalya Tatlina, 
approximately 40 years younger than when they met her in 
the waking world. Surprised, she glances up at them when 
they approach. In the Real World, she has fallen asleep 
and ended up here. She can briefly assist the characters, if 
needed.
[7] Kitchen: The kitchen has assumed grotesque proportions. 
The floor is encrusted with gore and blood. Sitting on the 
counter, a bucket contains the kitchen maid’s dismembered 
body with the severed head placed on top, mouth agape in 
terror. Its lips keep moving, fighting to speak, but no sound 
comes out. The Dream-Cook, a grotesque giant, lumbers 
around with a meat cleaver in her hand. When the charac-
ters open the door, she roars in anger and stomps forward 
to attack them. If they close the door again, she remains in 
the kitchen. If Dr. Tatlina tells her to behave, she breaks off 
the attack and walks away. She only attacks children.
67
The Dream Clinic
3

[8] Pantry: In the pantry, the characters are confronted with a 
terrifying sight. Some twenty dismembered and mutilated 
children are stuffed into barrels, hung from hooks, and 
stacked on the shelves. Severed body parts are crawling 
through the pooling blood. Heads fight to speak, but have no 
voice. Their eyes stare pleadingly at the characters. A suc-
cessful roll for Keep it Together is required to avoid shock.
[9] Storage: Beyond a heap of bloody, vomit-encrusted laun-
dry, a medical cabinet sits with its door ajar. It is filled with 
colorful pills and hundreds of prepared injections.
[10] Therapy: The therapy room appears as it did in the waking 
world, but a loom stands against a wall and the cupboards 
are filled with crafts and materials.
[11] Schafer’s secretary: Vibeke Rausing appears much the 
same as in the waking world, except she has sharpened 
teeth and dark, round glasses. When the characters enter, 
she announces with a low, sweet voice that the doctor is 
waiting for them.
[12] Dr. Schafer: Beyond the room’s window, the characters see 
a bombed-out and scorched landscape in darkness. Rock-
ets streak lines of flame across the sky. Explosions illumi-
nate the room in white flashes. In Pyotr’s dream, Helmut 
Schafer has assumed demonic proportions with corpse-like 
skin and dark, sparkling eyes. He holds a riding crop in his 
hand. When the characters enter, he rises and smiles. “I 
have been waiting for you, little ones. We have prepared 
a special home for you,” he says. Two Dream-­Orderlies 
appear and try to drag the characters down to the Special 
Ward to be locked up.
[13] Storage: It looks exactly as in the waking 
world.
[14] Abyss: There is a roaring abyss where intern Schumach-
er’s room was in the waking world. A shaft leads down 
into the darkness, where a faint light glows. A musty 
wind blows up from the Underworld.
[15] Archives: File cabinets stretch from the floor to the 
ceiling. Karl Feuer is stacking tall piles of paper. Inside 
the cabinets, the characters find hundreds of journals 
detailing Pyotr, Magda, Sasha, and the other Leningrad 
Children. In the dream, the journal entries do not stop 
with the 1946 Moscow clinic, but also include the events 
in Camp S-17 and in Leningrad. S-17 is simply noted as 
“the Camp” in these papers, documenting children who 
suffered physical changes and lost their minds. Kalenko’s 
house in Leningrad is only referred to as “the House.” 
The characters must review dozens of journals to dis-
cover what they are dealing with.
[16] Stairs Down: These stairs lead down to the basement.
68
Chapter 3 – Dark Dreams

THE BASEMENT
[1] Basement Corridor: The basement corridor looks just the 
same as it does in the waking world. If the PCs walk up 
the stairs again, they arrive on the second floor – not the 
ground floor (see sidebar on p. 66). One of the deformed 
mental patients is lying in wait underneath the stairs.
A dim lightbulb illuminates the darkness. The door to the Spe-
cial Ward is ajar. The sound of dragging feet, muted voices, and 
murmurs come from the darkness. The staff room door is also 
ajar. Children’s bloody footprints lead from the staff room to the 
Special Ward.
[2] Staff Room: The staff room looks the same as it does in the 
waking world, except the two keepers have been torn to 
pieces and everything is splattered in blood. Small crimson 
handprints form patterns and lines on the walls.
[3] Storage Room: The room appears precisely as in the wak-
ing world, including the still and bottles.
[4] Food Cellar: Salted, dried, and chopped up body parts fill 
barrels and sacks on the shelves. Unlike the kitchen pantry, 
these body parts are truly dead and do not move.
[5] Supplies: Appears the same as in the waking world. One of 
the Twisted Mental Patients is hiding in the rubble.
[6] Storage: Appears the same as in the waking world.
[7] Special Ward: It is completely dark in the Special Ward. 
The floor is covered by small, bloody footprints. The doors 
to the cells and special halls are open. The Twisted Mental 
Patients have escaped and killed the orderlies. Most are now 
hiding in the halls and labyrinth. Two of them are in the 
dark corridor. Unlike the waking world, the corridor does 
not end, but continues into a T-crossing.
[8] Cells: Broken chains lie on the floor. Two twisted mental 
patients hide in the shadows, waiting to attack whoever 
dares come in.
[9] Special Halls: The padding has been completely torn 
from the walls and spread out on the floors and in the 
corridor. Chains have been torn from the walls. Three 
patients hide in the first of the special halls.
[10] The Labyrinth: Beyond the Special Ward, an infinite 
labyrinth stretches outward. There are hundreds of 
rooms here filled with tortured people, howling in agony. 
Nachtkäfer hide in the shadows, while malformed people 
haunt the corridors. GM Note: If one walks far enough, the 
labyrinth connects directly with Chagidiel’s hell. As such, the 
GM should keep track of the character’s progress.
THE SECOND FLOOR
[1] Hall: The stairs come up from the basement. If the PCs 
go back down again, they end up in the basement – not 
the ground floor (see sidebar on p. 66). The hall looks the 
same as it does in the waking world.
[2] Staff Room: Looks the same as in the waking world. There 
are two Dream-Orderlies lurking here, who start hunting the 
characters if given the chance to do so.
[3] Showers and Toilet: It is unspeakably filthy here, far worse 
than the characters remember. Rust-brown fungus coats 
the floor and ceiling. The floor is stained with blood, and 
rotting flesh and bone shards have collected around the 
drains like sludge. Smeared symbols decorate the walls in 
blood. The characters recognize these from the basement in 
Sasha’s mansion.
69
The Dream Clinic
3

70
Chapter 3 – Dark Dreams

[4] Cells: The cells appear as the characters remember 
them, containing heavily drugged patients who stare 
vacantly into space. However, the back wall of every cell 
has another door, opening into a new cell. These cells 
contain two heavily sedated patients. Dream-Orderlies 
move from cell to cell, administering injections and pills.
[5–9] Hospital Halls: An infinite row of sick beds stretches off 
into the distance, no far wall in sight. Sedated patients 
are strapped in their beds. Dream-Orderlies drift up 
and down the hall, administering medications to their 
patients. If they see the characters, they try to catch them, 
drug them, and tie them to a bed.
 [10] Hall 5: This hall does not appear as it does in the waking 
world. It is a reflection of Pyotr’s memory of the men-
tal hospital he stayed at in Moscow. If Dr. Tatlina 
is with them, she tells them it resembles her 
Moscow clinic. It has a lower ceiling, unpainted 
iron beds, and linoleum floors. As the other 
halls above, the room stretches away and 
disappears in infinity. There are no orderlies 
or adult patients here, only children from 6 to 
15 years old. Most of them are injured in 
some fashion, exhibiting wounds from 
knives, whips, and fire. Many are in 
a state of deep shock. Some have 
visible physical changes, such as 
dark tattoos across their body 
and jagged pieces of metal 
protruding from the flesh. 
Dr. Tatlina tells the character 
this was how the patients 
appeared when they arrived 
at the Moscow clinic. By ask-
ing around, the characters 
locate four children who 
they believe are the three 
Russians and Magda.
When the children notice the 
characters with Chagidiel’s 
Mark, they retreat in fear, press-
ing themselves up against the 
wall and crying. Others hide 
under their blankets or crawl 
beneath the bed. Others still 
simply stare at the characters 
with pure hatred.
The characters feel something 
drawing them through the hall. 
After 50 meters, they reach a 
bed where a 12-year-old boy sits, 
watching them with shy brown 
eyes. He notices the doll the charac-
ter is carrying, and reaches out for it. 
The instant he grabs it, his eyes widen 
impossibly until the characters are 
devoured by his gaze – and abruptly 
awaken in the real world.
Incidents  
in the Dream Clinic
The GM should present events inside the dream clinic a surreal, night-
marish quality. Incomprehensible events occur, angles and shapes 
change, doors lead to impossible places, and people transform into 
something completely inhuman. Time flows unevenly, sometimes 
faster, sometimes slower. Events transpire numerous times, mechan-
ically repeating themselves. Perspective and distance become mean-
ingless. Although the characters recognize the clinic’s ground floor, 
the basement and the upper floor have changed significantly. Every-
thing feels putrescent and dark. The characters are gazing beyond 
clinic’s facade in the Illusion into its nightmarish reality.
The dream clinic’s description is only a suggestion, which the GM 
can use as a basis for their own imagination. They can 
be hunted by the distorted orderlies throughout the 
entire hospital, in order to increase the tension. First, 
they simply feel watched, then they notice unnatu-
ral shapes, and finally they are attacked. This is an 
excellent opportunity for them to practice their 
Art of Dreaming skill before things become more 
serious later on.
The patients are found murdered in their 
cells. Consider what the players think is 
most horrifying and play on that. Instill 
the feeling the characters have entered 
a nightmare, which becomes increas-
ingly worse. They walk farther and 
farther into the darkness and all the 
escape-routes disappear behind 
them.
Pyotr  
in the Dream
After they have been in the clinic 
a while, the characters feel drawn 
to the upper floor. Far away in Hall 
Five, Pyotr sits hunched up on his 
bed without his doll. The Wander-
er’s intention is that the characters 
give him the doll to strengthen 
their bond with the captive children 
in the Dream-Inferno.
When Pyotr receives the doll, 
everything around them twists 
impossibly, and they are sucked 
into his eyes. They awake with 
rapidly beating hearts. Anyone 
wounded or killed is now fully 
recovered. Chagidiel has not 
made a connection between the 
characters’ dream selves and their 
real bodies yet. The one who gave 
the doll to Pyotr still holds it in 
their hands upon waking up.
Pyotr
71
The Dream Clinic
3

Dream Camp S-17
The following night, the characters share their dream again. 
The link between the characters and the children in Chagidiel’s 
Dream-Inferno is increasing in strength. The doll is a bridge 
between the characters and the children’s nightmares, pulling 
them deeper into the darkness. This time they are drawn further 
back in Pyotr’s memories, to his dream of Camp S-17 – located 
outside Moscow after the war’s end.
Picking up from the previous night, the dream begins with the 
characters being sucked into Pyotr’s eyes. Everything goes black, 
as if they have ceased to exist. When they regain consciousness, 
they’re sitting huddled together in the back of an old grey-green 
truck. High walls of wood and sheet metal block their view of 
the outside. The sky is dark and starless above them. A black 
sun, or maybe a moon, hangs heavily on the horizon and 
stares down at them.
They are children again, roughly 10 years old. The one who 
received Pyotr’s doll is carrying it. If the character tries to get 
rid of it, it returns to them after a couple of seconds.
The truck engine coughs and rattles. A cloud of exhaust 
and dust rises behind them, choking them. It is bitterly 
cold and dark. Heavy wooden boxes take up most 
of the space on the deck. The vehicle slows as 
it passes through a wooden gate. As the 
engine ­rumbles to a stop, angry voices 
can be heard. The back gate drops 
revealing several Damned Legionar-
ies, screaming at the characters, 
ordering them to get out in 
an open area [2]. From 
this point, events 
proceed as per 
Prisoners of the 
Legionaries 
(below).
Map of  
the Dream Camp
[1] The Gate: A wooden gate leads into the camp. Two Damned 
Legionaries with submachine guns stand guard here. Their 
heads resemble skulls with a layer of skin stretched over 
the bones. Their hands are long, coarse claws. The rotting 
bodies are wrapped in Soviet military coats.
[2] Open Area: The camp consists of grey wooden barracks, 
set on stone foundations. All the barracks are modeled 
after the same blueprint. The ground is muddy. It is early 
autumn. A thin sheet of ice covers the puddles. Adult 
camp inhabitants look out from the barracks windows 
or shuffle around carrying buckets and firewood. They 
stare suspiciously at the characters.
While the characters stand there, they are slowly surrounded 
by Damned Legionaries armed with 
wooden sticks and chains 
(see Prisoners of the 
Legionaries 
72
Chapter 3 – Dark Dreams

below). The ten Damned Legionaries promptly beat them to a pulp, 
and then drag them to Colonel Nikitin [6] – who orders they be 
thrown into the birdcages behind the children’s barracks (13).
[3] Barracks: All the barracks are built with grey wood. Two 
wooden staircases lead up to the doors; one at each end of 
the building’s long side and the short side. Every barracks 
interior consists of a single room, furnished with bunks along 
the walls and a table with benches around it in the middle. 
In most barracks, the shorter side is curtained off to create 
a smaller room where those responsible for the inhabitants 
stay. All the barracks are inhabited by thin, hollow-eyed 
refugees. Except for the children in the Children’s Barracks 
[12], everyone is an adult and speaks German. They ignore the 
characters completely.
[4] Cookhouse: Iron saucepans simmer atop two large, iron 
stoves. An enormous cook wearing a black dress and white 
apron works in the kitchen. In a pantry, there are piles of rot-
ting onions, potatoes, and stale black bread. The cook happily 
gives each character a chunk of bread after she notices them.
[5] Showers: The walls, floor, and ceiling are made of wood 
instead of tiles. Like the dream clinic shower (see p. 69), clots 
of blood and flesh have collected around the drains, and the 
same half-smudged symbols decorate the walls.
[6] Colonel Nikitin: Two sets of stairs lead up to this barracks, 
which appears to be in better shape than the others. Half of 
it is dominated by Colonel Nikitin’s office. Nikitin is a small, 
skinny man dressed in Russian uniform, round glasses rest-
ing on his nose. He is guarded by two legionaries. Nikitin sits 
behind a worn desk, which has been meticulously cleaned. 
GM Note: Nikitin has the same statistics as the standard Damned 
Legionary. The barracks’ other half is occupied by two thin, 
sallow clerical officers working on old typewriters. They do 
not look up if the characters come in, and do not answer if 
spoken to.
[7] Crew: Screams and meaty thuds are heard from the bar-
racks. Two Damned Legionaries sit on the stair, smoking. 
Inside the barracks, ten legionaries torture a man accused 
of stealing vodka. After ten minutes, they throw him out the 
back door. Coughing blood, he crawls to the infirmary.
[8] Infirmary: In twenty beds, people are dying of blood 
poisoning, gunshot wounds, and starvation. A skeletal 
doctor in a white robe walks from bed to bed. In a smaller 
back room, twelve corpses line the shelves, waiting to be 
transported.
[9] Storage: One half of the storage is filled with leftover 
steel wire, roofing tiles, and old tools. The other half is the 
armory, padlocked and guarded by a Damned Legionary. The 
armory contains 20 Russian WW2 submachine guns (PPSh-
41), 2,000 rounds of ammunition, 20 hand grenades, and 30 
sticks of dynamite.
[10] Guard posts: Smaller than the other barracks. It is furnished 
with three tables and benches. Six Damned Legionaries are 
here, drinking low-quality vodka and throwing knives at a 
target on the wall. Next to the barracks, there is a barbed 
wire enclosure which separates the children’s barracks 
from the rest of the camp. Two legionaries stand guard in 
front of the gate.
[11] Latrines and refuse pile: A row of simple, wooden latrines 
placed over a ditch, where the earth is gradually shoveled 
over to reduce the smell. The stench and the amount 
of flies are still suffocating. A huge pile of refuse has 
grown up beside the latrines.
[12] The Children’s Barrack: The barracks is separated from 
the rest of the camp by barbed wire fencing. Adult camp 
inhabitants avoid it at all costs. Outside the barracks, 
there is a flattened area with a latrine-hole in one cor-
ner. A skull rests on a wooden pole at the entrance. Two 
boys, each roughly 8 years old, sit on the stair, holding 
sticks and gazing angrily at the other sections of the 
camp. They are surprised when the characters show up, 
but they let them in. Sixty of the ninety children evacu-
ated from Leningrad are here, ranging in age from 4 to 
12 years old. They are crammed into the single barracks, 
two and three to each bed. It is indescribably dirty inside 
the barracks. Most of the children lie directly on the bed 
frames. Some mattresses are soiled with vomit and other 
disgusting messes. Children are apathetically sitting or 
lying on the two tables in the middle of the room. They 
have wounds and injuries much like those afflicting the 
children encountered at the dream clinic. Some have 
begun exhibiting physical alterations.
The characters find Pyotr hunched up in a bed. He is 6 or 7 
years old. He recognizes them and reaches out for the black 
doll the character is carrying. If they try walking away, he 
starts to cry and wants to follow.
[13] The Bird Cages: These four, 2-meter deep ditches in the 
ground are covered with chicken wire and barbed wire. 
There are twenty-five children living in the pits. All of 
them suffer physical mutations similar to those of the 
distorted mental patients at Frankfurt Clinic. A horrible 
stench rises from the ditches.
Prisoners of  
the Legionaries
The player characters are slowly encircled by ten shapes wear-
ing grey, military coats. As the shapes draw closer, the charac-
ters clearly see them for the first time: their faces are covered 
in rotting flesh or are desiccated skulls. They have broken, 
jagged claws and their coats barely hide the festering, rotting 
wounds covering their bodies.
The characters must roll for Keep it Together to avoid shock 
from the experience. However, it is easier to resist shock in 
dream than in reality so the players get +2 to their rolls.
One of the Damned Legionaries starts laughing – a low, cackling 
sound making the characters’ hair stand on end. A hungry smile 
distorts his face. The laughter spreads to the other legionaries, 
who close in on the characters. They commence an attack 
with wooden sticks and chains. The characters’ best chance is 
to use their Art of Dreaming to defeat the legionaries. If they 
do so, they have a better chance of sneaking into the camp. 
If the characters are defeated, they are beaten until they lose 
consciousness and dragged before Colonel Nikitin. In this case, 
everyone receives a Serious Wound from the attack.
If the characters successfully fight off the legionaries, they can 
run out into the darkness and escape. The barracks stand on 
cinder block foundations, making it easy to hide in the shadows 
beneath them. The legionaries come looking for them, but grow 
bored after a couple of minutes and break off the chase.
73
Dream Camp S-17
3

Colonel Nikitin
One of the Damned Legionaries, Colonel Nikitin is a sadist. If the 
characters are brought to him, he sees to it they are revived with 
cold water so he can properly question them. No matter how 
the characters have changed their appearance, he treats them as 
disobedient children. He snickers piercingly, constantly letting his 
swollen tongue play along his chapped lips. If anyone answers 
untruthfully or fails to answer, they receive a smack from Nikitin, 
inflicting 1 Harm. His two clerical officers take notes of everything 
said.
After the interrogation, Nikitin giggles as he orders the characters 
be taken to “the birdcages” behind the children’s bar-
racks. The characters are hauled through the camp 
and thrown into the bird cages (see above). The ten 
legionaries cover the pit and leave. The characters 
must deal with the traumatized, tortured 
children around them before they 
can hope to escape (Roll Keep it 
Together). Fortunately, the children 
are 4 to 5 years old, starved, and 
unlikely to seriously injure the 
characters.
Through 
the Camp
If the characters avoided the 
legionaries, they can sneak through 
the camp relatively unnoticed. No 
one pays much attention to them. 
If they were defeated, they can 
escape the birdcages and continue 
from there.
The camp is a depressing sight. 
Everything is worn and shabby. All 
the refugees are half-starved, pitiful people 
without hope. The guards are sadistic, inhuman 
monsters. Pyotr’s memories of the camp are hor-
rifying, and the influence of Chagidiel’s Inferno has 
not exactly improved matters. The reality was less 
dreadful, but the children’s perception of the adults 
has been skewed from their stay in Kalenko’s house.
The characters wander through the dream camp and see all its 
miseries. Apathetic, starving, abused people are crouched all 
around them. Should the characters attempt to intervene, they 
are immediately taken into custody by five legionaries. GM Note: 
Adjust the number of enemies according to the strength and num-
ber of characters. The refugees cannot be freed. They refuse to 
leave and crawl back to the places where the characters found 
them. They are eternal prisoners in Inferno.
The GM should infuse the camp with a sense of hopelessness. 
Nothing the characters do changes anything here. They witness 
events such as food hand-outs 
­escalating 
into vicious fights over a couple of 
rotten potatoes, inmates settling disputes with nailed planks 
and sharpened food knives, and unrelenting illness. Further-
more, things are rarely as they appear to be. A small child 
cries, pleading to them, only to transform into a laughing 
damned legionary before their eyes.
Pyotr in the Camp
In the children’s barracks, located on the camp’s farthest side, 
the characters locate Pyotr. If they refuse to go there, the GM 
can tell the doll-carrying character that they have a persistent 
urge drawing them to the barracks. They know something 
important calls to them, waiting for them.
When they arrive at the children’s barracks, the stench 
hits them like a physical thing. A thick layer of feces 
and filth coat the floor. Apathetic children 
stare vacantly into space or cry heart-
breakingly, curled up on the floor. Far-
thest away from the entrance, they 
find a child they recognize – Pyotr, 
only now, he appears to be 6 or 7 
years old. He looks pleadingly at 
the characters, reaching his painfully 
skinny arms out to the character carry-
ing the doll. He tries to speak, but the 
characters cannot understand what 
he is saying.
If the character with the doll does 
not give it to him willingly, Pyotr 
desperately attempts to grab it. After 
receiving the doll, he becomes calm 
and confident almost immediately. 
This transfer begins weakening 
Chagidiel’s power over the children. 
From now on, the Death Angel cannot 
restrain them if and when they break free.
The character carrying the doll should give it 
to Pyotr. If, for some reason, they do not want to 
relinquish it to him, the characters remain perpet-
ually trapped in the nightmare. Whatever they do, 
wherever they go, they return to the camp. If a guard or 
an internee is killed, he or she comes back to life after a 
couple of minutes. As the days drag on, the characters notice 
they are gradually transforming into legionaries: their clothes 
changes into uniforms, their flesh rots, and claws emerge from 
their hands. For each week they choose to remain, they lose 1 
Stability. After a while, Pyotr starts following the characters, 
staring pleadingly at the doll until he gets it.
As soon as he has the doll, hope lights up in Pyotr’s eyes, a 
smile playing on his lips. He hugs it firmly and rises on his 
shaky legs. All the children go quiet and rise as one. They 
gently grab hold of the characters’ hands and lead them 
through the camp, toward the main gate. The legionaries rush 
out to stop them, but the children walk straight through them 
and creatures dissolving into nothing with hoarse 
screams.
74
Chapter 3 – Dark Dreams

The gate swings open before 
the group and they walk out. As soon as they have 
stepped outside the gates, the children start running wildly, 
dragging the characters with them. Everything grows dark 
around them.
The characters wake up, rested and satisfied. Injured and dead 
characters are healed completely. They all recall the events with 
crystal clarity.
Camp S-17 in Reality
The PCs can investigate a few things in the waking world. They 
have received several leads and information through their 
dreams. They should realize there is a connection between the 
children and everything happening to them. They have prob-
ably grasped that Magda and the three Russians experienced 
something similar to what they are dreaming. Also, they might 
understand someone tormented dozens of children over a 
prolonged period and somehow Magda was involved.
The characters can identify the camp they were in during the 
dream. By talking to Dr. Tatlina or the Russian Red Cross, they 
determine it was concentration Camp S-17, located outside 
Moscow. Dr. Tatlina identifies it directly from the characters’ 
description. The Red Cross must check their archives. The 
characters need to provide a good reason to why they need 
this information, such as claiming their relative, Magda, stayed 
in a concentration camp after the war. If the Red Cross checks 
Magda’s background, they soon find notes on Camp S-17. They 
have pictures of the camp, as well as pictures of Magda, the 
three Russians, and the other children from 1946. The charac-
ters also recognize the boy from their dream, Pyotr.
The Illusion 
Shatters
The day after the dream about the camp, the Illusion around 
the characters shatters. Chagidiel becomes aware of what 
they are doing and tries to stop them. This event can occur 
wherever and whenever the GM choses, should best fit the 
narrative’s pacing. It should also take place in a secluded 
location to avoid additional complications with police, other 
authorities, and innocents. Suitable locations include empty 
restaurants, large archives, abandoned parking houses, 
behind truck yards, and so on. Everything appears normal 
until the characters are suddenly struck with a feeling of 
intense unease, as if something is seriously wrong. Charac-
ters with Sixth Sense suspect danger is coming, so are not 
surprised when reality itself rips open.
It begins with the ground trembling, rippling like a water 
beneath their feet. Around them, everything flickers in and 
out of focus, becoming indistinct like a mirage. Suddenly, 
the air around them tears apart and they find themselves 
in an overgrown sewer system. Thick, fleshy outgrowths 
droop from the ceiling and the walls, pulsating faintly. Rusty 
pipes coil around each other organically, moving sinuously. 
A faint, greenish light radiates from an algae-like coating 
clinging to every surface. Fragments of the real world where 
the characters originally were remain intact around them, forming 
an island in the infernal sewer.
A rancid stench hits the characters as water-bloated corpses pour 
from the shadows, their bodies little more than collections of fused 
clumps of flesh and algae. Numbering as many as the characters 
plus five, the creatures close in and attack. They are Quisquilles; 
born from the sewer system where Inferno and Metropolis collide. 
The quisquilles attack and fight until death; the GM can adjust their 
numbers according to the characters’ ability to defend themselves.
No one else nearby sees the creatures or the Illusion tearing apart. 
They only perceive how the characters begin acting erratically, 
fighting against invisible opponents. Any observers flee from the 
site, trying to get as far away from the apparently insane charac-
ters as possible. If the characters use firearms, the police are con-
tacted; otherwise, it takes some time before anyone contacts the 
authorities.
When the characters defeat the quisquilles, the creatures fade 
away and the portal to Inferno closes with a deafening boom. 
Their ears ring for several hours, and some of the characters start 
bleeding from the nose. As they are recovering, the characters hear 
the sound of police sirens in the distance, closing in rapidly. If the 
characters remain, they risk being be arrested and treated much as 
their arrest after the three Russians’ deaths (see Chapter 1).
Leningrad 
in the Dream
The following night, the PCs dream again. This time their con-
nection to the children trapped in the Death Angel’s Inferno is so 
intense they are pulled into a dream world of Leningrad, 1942. 
Worse yet, Chagidiel is aware of what is going on this time. He cre-
ates a psychic-link between the characters and their dream selves, 
making the dream extremely dangerous. Any injuries they receive 
during their dreams now physically translate into the waking 
world. The GM can make softer Moves to avoid them permanently 
dying while asleep, as well as adjusting the events to increase their 
chances of survival.
Their shared dream begins with the characters back at the dream 
camp S-17 (p. 72). Together with the children, they are walking out 
the prison gates. They feel themselves being pulled forward by chil-
dren, who grasp at their hands and arms. As they pass the gates, 
the children and the camp vanish around them – and they discover 
themselves standing on a train platform. A sign reads, “The Octo-
ber Railway Station” in Russian, though any characters who don’t 
speak Russian can easily understand it. It is freezing cold, easily 
−20 °C. Once again, the characters appear to be 10-year-old chil-
dren, dressed in stinking rags. The character who carried Pyotr’s 
doll has it in their hands once more. As before, it is impossible to 
get rid of it. It always comes back, no matter what they do.
They are standing on one of the platforms. The snow crunches 
beneath their tiny, frozen feet. A charred locomotive stands beside 
them, while behind them are the blackened remains of burned-
out wagons. The city is twisted and threatening, its buildings and 
streets too big to be real. Even if the characters make themselves 
larger through the Art of Dreaming, they continue viewing the 
world from a child’s perspective. Leningrad in the dream is cre-
ated from the distorted fragments of Pyotr’s memories of the city 
75
The Illusion Shatters
3

from forty years earlier. They mesh with reflections 
of Chagidiel’s Dream-Inferno, creating something 
barely resembling Leningrad. Only locations of 
which Pyotr possesses strong memories resemble 
the real city, including their size and shape. Oth-
erwise, the ruined city stretches infinitely outward. 
Snow drifts across the streets in sheets. It is perpetu-
ally night and dark in dream Leningrad. There are no 
stars in the sky, only swirling ice crystals. Once again, 
the black moon hangs over the horizon.
The characters hear heavy footsteps coming from the 
gates set up by the station’s waiting room. Every now 
and again, humanoid shapes march by the stairwell 
leading out to the streets. The waiting room is filled with 
frozen corpses, stacked along the inner walls. All the bod-
ies are emaciated. They stare at the characters with dead, 
hollow eyes. If the characters go through the main entrance, 
they are attacked by the three damned legionaries patrolling 
outside. They can also take a side road instead. There are 
dozens of turnstiles, which lead directly out on the streets. It 
is easy to avoid the legionaries, if they pay close attention.
After leaving the train station, the characters see the dream 
Leningrad stretching out before them. It is a vast city of crum-
bling ruins, which spreads out as far as the characters can see. 
Here and there, a taller building stands over the bombed and 
scorched landscape. They cannot see a single point of light in 
the entire city. Everything is quiet. Only the howling wind can 
be heard.
Through 
Dream Leningrad
No matter which way the PCs leave the railway station, they 
always end up the Avenue of the 25th of October, the city’s 
largest remaining street. All side streets from the avenue are 
snowed in, except for a single alley leading to St. John’s Church. 
As soon as the characters leave the Avenue of the 25th of Octo-
ber, they end up at St. John’s Church. If they do not want to 
leave the avenue, they are hindered by a roadblock, guarded 
by masses of Damned Legionaries, at the bridge over the Gri-
boyedov Canal. The narrow alley offers the only way past these 
threatening guardsmen. From the church, they can always come 
to the labyrinth [7]. Beyond this, they eventually reach Lieutenant 
Schmidt’s Bridge and continue on to Kalenko’s house.
If the characters have done investigative work while in the 
waking world, they realize they are walking towards Kalenko’s 
house. Otherwise, they are completely lost, slowly making their 
way through the devastated city. The GM should emphasize the 
cold, as well as the total lack of heat and light. While there are 
no signs of people in the ruins, the characters are not alone. 
During their journey, they are attacked by Dream-Cannibals or 
Coldsouls. The GM decides what resistance the characters encoun-
ter (and can handle) at this point, or if they should simply arrive 
at Kalenko’s house unscathed. If nothing else, the GM can have 
them hunted by a single creature to create some anxiety.
As they walk through the destroyed city, the characters are filled 
with a sense of foreboding, as if a hungry abyss threatens to 
open beneath their feet at any moment. They are sensing Chagi-
diel’s Citadel forming under the dream Leningrad.
Map of Dream Leningrad
[1] The Railway station: The signs read, “The October Rail-
way Station.” The station is empty. Freight wagons are 
parked on sidetracks around the area. Outside the waiting 
hall’s entrance, there are piles of mail bags and packages 
addressed to Leningrad. Someone has stacked dead bod-
ies into a frozen pile in the waiting room, along the ticket 
counter wall. Three damned legionaries patrol back and 
forth outside the station entrance. The characters can avoid 
them by using a side exit.
[2] Vosstaniya Square: Two wide avenues and several smaller 
streets begin from the open area outside the station. It is 
dark outside. There is no moon and no stars in the sky. The 
houses are dark and impossibly tall, the streetlights are all 
broken. Occasionally, the ground heaves as a distant explo-
sion illuminates the frigid night.
[3] The Avenue of the 25th of October: Leningrad’s main 
street leads the characters through a landscape of ruins. A 
street sign reads, “Oktyabrya.” Narrow roads lead through 
the snow off the broad avenue. Near the far end of the 
avenue, they see a huge dome crowned by a spire, silhou-
etted against the night sky. What appears to be large birds 
or bats swirl around it. The building’s façades closest to 
the street are relatively intact, while some are bombed-out 
shells. Beyond these buildings, the city is nothing but snow-
swept ruins for as far as the eye can see. Shadows move 
in the alleyways leading from the broader street. Sporad-
ically, screams echo in the distance. Emaciated corpses 
lie in doorways and are stacked against walls, sometimes 
veiled in white sheets, sometimes naked. When the char-
acters come close, they see the bodies are not truly dead. 
The corpses stare at them with glassy eyes, moving their 
ice-covered lips in silent agony.
[4] The Fontanka River: The river’s waters are churning 
rapids, despite the bitter cold. A cloud of mist rises from 
its dark currents. A wide bridge crosses the channel, most 
of it blocked off with barbed wire and concrete slabs. A 
small opening in the bridge’s middle section remains. Four 
legionaries stand sentry here, armed with submachine guns.
[5] The Side Street: Just before the bridge leads over the next 
canal – also guarded by legionaries – a small alleyway turns 
to the left. The cyclopean houses stretch along both sides of 
the alley, reducing the night sky to little more than a centi-
meter-wide strip. A narrow path has been stamped into the 
snow. The darkness is oppressive.
[6] St. John’s Church: The alley opens to an open space, dom-
inated by a small church’s facade. The church gates hang 
half-open and there is light in there; the first light the char-
acters have seen in dream Leningrad. It is a Russian-Ortho-
dox church large enough to host fifty people comfortably. 
Some benches are placed far back against the doors. Dou-
ble rows of columns, covered with images of saints, support 
the domed ceiling. A wall decorated with faded paintings 
of saints divides the room, illuminated by hundreds of 
thin wax candles. Many more candles burn throughout the 
entire church. It is close to freezing in here. An old man sits 
hunched at a table, delicately carving a large piece of wood. 
There is an incomplete icon painting on an easel. The artist 
is Dimi Nesterov; appearing the way Pyotr remembers him.
76
Chapter 3 – Dark Dreams

When the characters come in, he nods towards the black doll, 
smiling in recognition. “I made that, you know. They always come 
back,” he says in Russian. Even if they do not speak Russian, 
the characters somehow understand what he is saying. If they 
look at the half-complete painting, they see it depicts a Black 
Madonna. There is something unpleasantly familiar about 
it. When they look closer, they realize the Madonna’s face is 
eerily similar to the one of the characters marked by Chagidiel 
– specifically the character with the highest Soul. GM Note: Be 
they male or female, the ‘chosen’ character is predestined to carry 
Binah’s Incarnate into Kalenko’s house at the end of the campaign.
Nesterov nods meaningfully while they study the Madonna 
painting. “It’s a good likeness, I think,” he says, nodding at the 
character. “But it isn’t finished yet. When it is completed, I will 
come and find you in the cathedral.” Then he resumes his carv-
ing. He refuses to talk any more.
[7] The Labyrinth: Beyond the church, a small bridge leads 
over yet another churning channel of open water. On the 
other side, the ruined houses form a winding labyrinth of 
small alleys and sky-high brick walls. The alleys slope up 
and down sharply, sometimes becoming stairs or end-
ing abruptly in cul-de-sacs. In a few places, the street is 
divided by wide gorges in the ground. A rhythmic, mechan-
ical throb rises from below. GM Note: This is Chagidiel’s 
Citadel slowly manifesting itself beneath the city. It takes the 
characters some time to find their way back to the main 
road again.
[8] Lieutenant Schmidt’s Bridge: Beyond the labyrinth of 
narrow alleys, the characters arrive at a wide, steaming 
channel. The houses on the opposite side are difficult to 
see through the mist, but they glimpse something black 
to the left. Its shape makes their stomachs turn, even if 
the characters do not know why. Tall towers and domes 
rise out of the fog and into the night sky on the far right.
A wide, long bridge leads across the channel. On the water’s 
surface, or perhaps beneath it, they glimpse a mirror image of 
the buildings with tall towers and domes. The image moves 
slowly, and is hard to focus on.
Six Damned Legionaries guard the bridge, but do not attempt 
to stop the characters. They laugh instead, and then lead 
them the rest of the way to Kalenko’s house. On the other 
side of the bridge, dark façades of houses tower against the 
sky. Narrow alleyways lead in between the houses. They walk 
along an alley to a wider street. The rhythmic thrumming can 
be clearly heard now, as if from distant machines or locomo-
tives. They catch glimpses of ugly shapes moving under the 
sewer grates.
[9] Kalenko’s House: A grey-brown stone house with tall 
windows and a small stair which leads up to the gate. 
When they open the gate and enter, they are shocked 
into awakening – aware they have witnessed something 
too horrible to bear (see Kalenko’s House in Dream Lenin-
grad, next section).
77
Leningrad in the Dream
3

Kalenko’s House 
in Dream Leningrad
At the end of their dream, the characters finally arrive at Kalenko’s house. 
It is a plain, grey building with a shabby facade. Heavy curtains cover 
all the windows. The double oak doors are closed. The house emits a 
cold, unpleasant feeling, moreso that the rest of the city. Characters who 
have Magical Intuition or Enhanced Awareness see a dark, malign aura 
around the building. It feels like standing on the border of Inferno – 
which the characters technically do. A number of figures stand in front of 
the house, twice the number of PCs. They are indistinct from a distance 
because of the falling snow, but become more familiar once they get 
closer. Finally, they recognize their parents at the age they were children, 
grotesquely large and malformed. They approach like predators, scold-
ing the characters as if they were disobedient children. The shrieking 
voices match those of their true parents, but with a hysterical undertone.
If the characters allow themselves be surrounded by these Parent 
Creatures, they are told they’re disobedient brats and need to be taught 
a lesson. They each grab the characters and start dragging them away 
from the house.
If even one of the characters tries to defend themselves or resist their 
‘parents’ in any way, the creatures become furious and attack. Their 
faces contort, their eyes turn isink into dark holes, and their hands 
grow long claws of rusted metal. They use their slathering mouths, 
filled with rows of yellow teeth, to tear at and bite the characters.
After the creatures are defeated, the characters can approach Kalen-
ko’s house. If they have visited Leningrad in reality, they recognize 
the building and know the two houses would normally be pressed 
together. However, in the dream, they have separated to make room 
for a new building between them: Kalenko’s house. The gate opens by 
itself as they walk up.
If the characters walk through the gate, they instantly awake, scream-
ing and bathed in sweat. They are acutely aware they have witnessed 
something horrible, but cannot – or will not – remember. If they do 
not enter, they awake as per normal the next morning.
A voice, not more than a whisper, lingers in their heads: the voice of 
the Wanderer. “To find him, you must find the house in your Leningrad.”
From this point forward, Chagidiel is now out to kill them. When they 
wake up, the characters suffer any injuries they received in the dream. 
If someone died during the dream, they’re found dead from the same 
wounds inflicted during the dream.
To progress to the next dream (Inferno in the Dream, see p. 79), the 
characters must locate Kalenko’s house in the waking world, specifi-
cally Leningrad. 
Continued 
Investigations
After waking, the PCs can attempt to figure out where they were 
during the dream. They remember road signs, the railway station, 
and observed the Admiral Council’s spire at the end of the avenue. 
They should have noticed the Cyrillic letters, if nothing else.
Encyclopedias or books about Russia confirm they were 
likely somewhere in Leningrad. Consulting a map, they 
locate the October Railway station (now the Moskovsky 
Station), the Avenue of the 25th of October (now Nevsky 
Prospect), and St. John’s Church. There are plenty of 
photographs depicting these locations. By retracing the 
route they walked during the dream, they find Lieutenant 
Schmidt’s Bridge and the place where Kalenko’s house 
should be located. However, trying identify the house 
proves to be more difficult. The Russian authorities are 
still unwilling to discuss the orphanage or the city’s past, 
so they refer all questions regarding Leningrad’s war-or-
phans to the Red Cross.
The Red Cross
The characters can contact the Soviet Red Cross through 
the Red Cross in Germany. The Soviet Red Cross is more 
accommodating with searching their archives, especially 
if provide them with a significant ‘donation’ of 2,000DM 
or more for food shipments to orphans in the eastern 
regions. The Red Cross representative asks to return the 
call, as their archives from that period are incomplete.
In time, the Red Cross representative reveals there was an 
orphanage in the area the characters indicated, near Kalen-
ko’s house. It was operated from 1941 to 1944 by Nikolay 
Kalenko, a well-respected man, and his family. More than 
700 children were brought to the orphanage in 1941, but 
were thought to have died from disease and starvation 
during the spring of 1942. The Red Cross does not see this 
as anything peculiar. The serviceman points out thousands 
of people died daily, so several hundred dead children was 
tragically normal. He mentions that there is a photo of 
Kalenko and his family in their files. If the characters want, 
he is willing to send it to them. If they have access to a fax 
machine, he faxes them a copy immediately. Otherwise, it 
takes three days for the picture and the list of the 700 chil-
dren to reach the address the characters provide.
When the characters get the photo and the list, they might 
be surprised. They recognize Kalenko’s wife and two 
daughters – they are the three nepharites currently hunting 
the PCs. There are four names written on the back of the 
photo: Nikolay, Yelena, Alyona, and Katya.
On the list they find Magda, Pyotr, Filip, Anatolij, and Sasha, 
but they are notated under different last names, so it is 
difficult to sort out.
Changing 
Identities
The PCs traveling to Leningrad may run into difficulties. 
If they are wanted, they need new identities to have any 
chance of leaving Germany without being arrested. Some-
one with the Advantage Influential Friends or Streetwise 
knows the general methods to achieve this. If someone has 
78
Chapter 3 – Dark Dreams

special knowledge about Berlin’s underworld (or are Fixers 
themselves), this will be even easier. If they have no knowledge 
at all, they can try finding someone in the city’s seedier areas.
The GM does not have to make this easy for them, but if they 
develop an acceptable plan they should be allowed to suc-
ceed. If they cannot achieve this goal, they must stay in Ger-
many for a while longer.
Their contacts eventually lead them to a rundown porn club 
on Augsburger straße 31, where they meet a powerfully-built 
black man named Otto. They arrange to meet in an aban-
doned, industrial building in Tempelhof, a little ways outside 
the city. In his 50s, Otto dresses in jeans, boots, and a long 
leather coat. His short hair is thinning on the sides. Otto is a 
defector from the American troops stationed in Germany. It can 
be heard in his accent, his choice of words, and his attitude. 
He is a genuine fixer and can arrange anything – for the right 
price. New IDs cost 10,000DM (half up front, half on delivery) 
per person, and are available within 24 hours.
If the characters are interested in weapons, Otto can easily pro-
vide those as well. Handheld weapons are no problem. Pistols 
and revolvers cost 1,000DM to 3,000DM, depending on caliber 
and model. Submachine guns cost 5,000DM to 7,000DM each, 
and assault rifles cost at least 10,000DM. Everything can be 
delivered within 24 hours and paid for in the same way as the 
fake ID papers. The deliveries are made in the same industrial 
warehouse where they met Otto.
Leningrad
With their new IDs and an altered appearance – new haircut, 
different clothes, and sunglasses do wonders – the characters 
can freely travel into Russia. It takes ten hours by car, eight hours 
by train, and five hours by plane (including transport to and 
from airports). A visa is required to get into Russia. Normally, 
this process takes three days, but bribes of 500DM reduces the 
wait to one day. If a character has the Advantage Elite Education 
or Influential Friends, those contacts put them in touch with a 
man at the Leningrad Mayor’s office responsible for “promoting 
international relations and foreign investments.” He pulls some 
strings and arranges visas within the same day. The characters 
notice an abnormal amount of fuss at the travel agency. The staff 
explains there are rumors of an epidemic outbreak in Leningrad, 
but there are no problems traveling there yet.
The real Leningrad is a noisy, modern city of millions, nothing 
like the icy ruins the characters encountered in their dream. It’s a 
city of culture, the old capital of Tsarist Russia founded by Peter 
the Great, and filled with stunning cathedrals and monuments, 
both to the rulers of the old times and to Lenin and other revered 
symbols of communism. The latter seem less popular these days, 
though not nonexistent. The city only recently voted to readopt 
its old name, St. Petersburg, after having been Leningrad for so 
many decades. This transition period is still ongoing.
Characters hear people on the street discussing the rapid changes. 
Many are hopeful Russia will now achieve the wealth enjoyed by 
those in the West, while some feel threatened by the new order 
of things. Most of all though, people complain about the lack of 
goods in the stores. Store shelves are empty and people spend 
hours in rationing lines trying to get the most basic supplies.
The Black 
Doll
Seniors living on a meager pension are hit especially hard. They 
overhear an old lady complaining about having been given a cou-
pon for a kilo of meat and 600 grams of macaroni – her food rations 
for the coming three months.
The railway station remains much the same as in the dream, and 
they quickly find the avenue they walked along. Nevsky Prospect is 
now St. Petersburg’s main street. Retracing their former path, they 
locate St. John’s Church and the bridges. There is an unusually heavy 
military presence in the city. Soldiers are patrolling everywhere. 
Perhaps the failed August coup-d’etat by hardliners in the Commu-
nist party has everyone on edge, but characters suspect this isn’t the 
only reason.
Kalenko’s House
With some effort, the character locate Kalenko’s house by Bolshoy 
Prospekt  –  at least, where it should be. To their amazement, they 
discover the house has vanished. The buildings the characters 
remember being on either side of Kalenko’s house are now con-
nected wall-to-wall. The house at number 38 is missing, as if it 
never existed.
If the characters canvass the neighboring houses, people do not 
remember there being a house there, ever. They scratch their 
heads, confused. There is no number 38 and, apparently, there 
never was.
Those with Magical Intuition or Enhanced Awareness notice 
something amiss if they study the area carefully. A night-black 
abyss exists between the houses; a gaping emptiness, which 
both terrifies and tempts. The characters are seeing part of 
reality, as the Illusion shatters in locations where extreme 
terror has occurred. It is impossible to get more than an 
impression of the abyss. It cannot be investigated further.
St. John’s Church
If they visit St. John’s Church, where they met Nest-
erov in the dream, they encounter another surprise. 
The church appears exactly as it did in the dream, 
including the same burning candles and dark 
icons. Two old ladies are lighting candles and 
praying before the saintly icons. The old 
icon painter sits next to a crypt, just as he 
did in the dream. He has no dolls, but 
he is working on the Black Madonna’s 
image, which is still suspiciously similar 
to the character with the highest Soul 
(see p. 128). When they approach he 
looks sternly at them and says, “I told 
you, it isn’t done yet. I will come when it 
is completed. We can’t use it now.”
Nesterov is painting an image, 
which will establish the necessary 
connection between one of 
the characters and Binah, 
allowing the Archon to 
incarnate. The hundred-
year-old icon painter, 
who is quite senile, does 
not know this.
79
Leningrad
3

Lebnovitz’s 
Memories
If the PCs want more information regarding Kalenko’s 
house, they need to find people who lived there between 
1941 and 1942. Neighbors, people they ask on the street, or 
Intourist (the official state travel agency of the Soviet Union) 
suggest they check out a retirement home for veterans. They 
can get an address through Intourist or in the phonebook. 
If they start asking random elderly people on the street, the 
police politely, but firmly, tell them to go check a retirement 
home and stop bothering people.
If they contact the veterans’ home or have the Advantage 
Academic Network, the characters are referred to Sergey 
Lebnovitz, who is researching Leningrad’s history during the 
blockade. He was a military doctor for the war’s full duration 
and occupies himself by writing the history of Leningrad’s 
siege. Lebnovitz lives in a small two-room apartment at the 
veterans’ retirement home. He is a short and thin man with 
a fuzzy white tuft of hair, apparently in his 80s. He wears a 
tattered army uniform with the captain’s insignia, covered 
with a row of medals and awards, including the Order of 
Lenin. He enjoys speaking with foreign visitors, especially if 
they have questions about his beloved Leningrad. He lights 
up when the characters come and surprises them by speaking 
fluent English, German, or French, depending on where they 
come from.
Lebnovitz opens the door and lets the characters inside, 
proudly showing them around the apartment. It is full of books, 
note pads, papers, and maps of Leningrad. The characters are 
invited to sit in an overfilled sofa while Sergey fetches a bottle 
of vodka and crystal glasses.
Enthusiastically, he asks what the characters wish to know. He 
gives them all the general information about the blockade and 
Leningrad during the war, mixed with funny and morbid anec-
dotes from his own life. He knows of Kalenko, but never noticed 
anything peculiar about him. He explains the Kalenko family 
lived on the Bolshoy Prospekt for a long time, their youngest 
daughter died in a tragic accident a few years before the war, 
and the entire family died at the beginning of the 1941 blockade. 
There were rumors of cannibalism at the house, but these were 
normal for the time. Lebnovitz believes the house burned down 
in the 1950s, and something else was built on the site. Lebnovitz 
advises them to contact Jurij Chazov at GRU (the military intel-
ligence), if they want more information about Kalenko. “Jurij is 
completely obsessed with Kalenko. It’s become a passion for him.”
Lebnovitz taps his temple and says Chazov can be found in GRU’s 
office on Moskovsky Prospekt. “Wait a moment,” he says and digs 
up a piece of paper. He writes down a couple of sentences in 
Russian and puts it in an envelope, sealing it with a sigil. “Give this 
to the gate guard and then wait for Jurij to see you.”
If they ask what the letter contains and how Lebnovitz knows 
Chazov, he shrugs and says they worked together for a couple of 
years in the 1970s. GM Note: Lebnovitz worked at the GRU for nearly 
30 years, but does not reveal this to the characters.
If they open the envelope, the characters find a friendly letter 
where Lebnovitz asks Chazov to answer their questions about 
Kalenko. It is signed, “Your friend, Sergey.”
Jurij Chazov
The GRU’s headquarters is a small, discrete building with the blinds 
down and a newly plastered facade. Guarding the entrance are four 
elite soldiers, armed with Kalashnikov AKMs, together with a lieu-
tenant, who has a pistol.
“Halt,” the lieutenant says in Russian when the player characters 
approach the gate. The guards release the safeties on their rifles and 
point them at the characters. If the characters do not understand, the 
lieutenant comes forward and uses broken English to explain this 
is a military area and they must leave immediately. If they provide 
him with Sergey’s letter, he looks at them, surprised, and then asks 
them to wait. He disappears into the building. The guards relax, yet 
remain cautious.
Some minutes later, the lieutenant returns and tells the characters 
Colonel Chazov will see them. He shows the group inside, lead-
ing them past offices with tapping typewriters, and up to a door 
marked “Colonel Chazov” on a copper plaque. After being invited 
in, the lieutenant introduces the characters as Captain Lebnovitz’ 
friends, and then promptly marches out.
The room is a large corner office with four windows. The walls are 
lined with maps of Leningrad, its local surroundings, and the for-
mer Soviet Union. A thick, white carpet covers the floor. A fireplace 
occupies most of the right wall. There is a desk with four uphol-
stered chairs in front of it. Some extra wooden chairs are placed 
around the room, allowing everyone to sit.
A heavyset bald man sits behind the desk. He has an impeccable, 
tailor-made uniform. Several scars create an irregular pattern 
on his brow, while his right ear is misshapen. He stands up and 
orders them to sit down. He introduces himself as Colonel Jurij 
Chazov of GRU. He inquires who the characters are and why they 
are in the Soviet Union. Chazov actually has no interest in the 
answers, he only asks out of pure habit.
He carefully takes notes of everything they say. Then he looks 
up and asks what they know about Kalenko and why they 
are asking questions about him in Leningrad. If they answer 
truthfully and avoid raising the supernatural elements – which 
Chazov gruffly dismisses as nonsense – of the story, he nods 
in agreement. If they tell him about Magda and her stay at the 
orphanage, Chazov leans back and relaxes.
“I have something to tell you,” he says. “During the fall of 1941, my 
youngest brother, Boris, was taken to the Kalenko house after our 
parents’ deaths. I heard about it in December, some months later. 
I went to the house to collect Boris, but he was missing. Kalenko 
was obviously insane, so I tried to force my way into the house. 
He had his men shoot me, throwing me into the street. I would 
have died if I hadn’t somehow dragged myself back to my regi-
ment. It was spring before I had recovered enough to go back. By 
then, the house was already gone. It must have been bombed by 
the Germans. I can see no other explanation,” Chazov says.
He gives the characters general information about Kalenko 
(see The Background, p. 8), but he refrains from anything 
supernatural. When he has completed the story, he offers 
them vodka to share a silent toasts in memory of his brother.
“I don’t think Kalenko died. He is out there somewhere, I can 
feel it. You must promise me to kill him when you find him. He 
murdered my brother. I’m sure of it,” he says, staring deeply 
into the characters’ eyes.
80
Chapter 3 – Dark Dreams

Other Sources
If the PCs check with government authorities and/or the press 
about Kalenko’s house, they are provided contradictory answers. 
Various people believe the house burned down, was destroyed 
in a bombing raid, engulfed by an earthquake, or simply demol-
ished and replaced with a new apartment building. There is no 
physical evidence available to determine what actually happened. 
The house is not mentioned anywhere after 1942. It vanished 
without a trace; no records of water- or electricity bills, sewage, 
repairs, or sales – absolutely nothing.
Inferno 
in the Dream
The night following their visit to the real Leningrad, the characters 
are once more drawn into the dream world. Their connection to 
the tormented children is so intense, they are taken directly to 
Chagidiel’s Dream-Inferno. The Death Angel plans to draw them 
into his Inferno, so he can kill them there. He does not know about 
Pyotr’s doll or the plan to free the children from the Dream-Inferno.
Chagidiel is aware of their presence, so wounds they suffer in the 
dream also injure their sleeping bodies. As such, from now on, the 
dream can be potentially fatal for the characters. As always, the GM 
can/should avoid killing them outright – or too many of them all at 
once.
With the GM’s permission, the rules for the Art of Dreaming can be 
used to heal wounds, and even revive the dead. This still requires 
the characters succeed their roll with at least 2 options – choos-
ing either Transform yourself (to heal herself) or Transform another 
being (to heal another character), and Make your change last until 
the dream ends (to carry the healing over into the real world). The 
players themselves should come with the initial idea. The GM can 
help inspire them, but only if absolutely required.
The dream begins with them walking through the gates of Kalenko’s 
house. Once again, they are 10-year-old children, dressed in rags. 
Pyotr’s doll is back in the hands of the player who accepted it. As 
usual, it reappears if they lose it. The characters can alter themselves 
and their environment with the Art of Dreaming. The Dream-Inferno 
is a shared dream for the children, the characters, and Chagidiel.
In the dream, only the hall and the façade inside Kalenko’s house 
remain the same locations, otherwise, Inferno stretches out beyond 
these. This section only provides a general outline of events the PCs 
have inside the dream world. Most likely, they will stay quite close to 
the proposed plotline. However, their actions can change the course 
of events, so the GM needs to be prepared to improvise.
The front doors open onto a dark hall with a high ceiling. The plaster 
is flaking off the walls, and the floor is covered with a threadbare, 
oriental rug. Paintings of noble Ukrainians (Kalenko’s ancestors) are 
hanging on the walls. Stairs lead to an upper floor, while open doors 
on the left and right lead to the rest of the house. The illumination 
is faint and uneven, provided by naked lightbulbs on the ceiling. A 
weak breeze carries the smell of ashes and blood.
A long, thin man with grey hair and a small goatee approaches 
them. He is dressed in a tattered, 
dark suit. As he comes closer, the characters recognize Nikolay 
Kalenko, appearing as he did in the 1941 photo. If the characters 
attack him, he simply dissolves into thin air. If the PCs talk to him, 
he answers all their questions. He willingly tells them what hap-
pened in 1941 and 1942. However, he does not know anything 
about the Incarnates or Chagidiel’s plans, only what he knew in 
1942.
“This way. I’ll show you where you need to go,” he says with a tired 
voice. If they refuse, he laughs and shrugs. If they begin search-
ing the house, he follows them at a distance, smiling knowingly. 
No matter which path they take, the characters end up in one of 
the elevators.
The doors each lead to three corridors with stone floors and 
torn wallpaper. There are oil-paintings depicting nobles from the 
16th and 17th century, hung at regular intervals. Further down 
the corridor, the portraits become increasingly grotesque and 
malformed. The wallpaper soon ends, revealing concrete at 
first, and then pitted steel. If they walk up the stairs, they enter 
a corridor which appears as above, and also leads them to the 
elevator.
Finally, the characters come to a large freight elevator, its cage 
doors yawning open. Kalenko refuses to enter it, and disap-
pears if they try to force him inside. There are no buttons in the 
elevator. It reeks of stale urine and every surface is begrimed 
with filth. When the characters step inside, its doors close with a 
shuddering crash. Trembling, squeaking cables lower them into 
the darkness for what feels like an eternity. A flickering light 
bulb illuminates the oily shaft through the bars. It is impossible 
to escape the elevator, even with the Art of Dreaming. Charac-
ters can alter the elevator into whatever they want, but it is still 
continues down to Inferno. Chagidiel’s influence is stronger 
here and the characters cannot change the dream completely; 
only influence its desired direction.
Finally, the elevator stops and the doors groan open. A diabolic 
stench of blood, rot, and fear-tainted sweat rushes over them. 
Thousands of voices scream in pain and cry hysterically, mesh-
ing into a hideous cacophony. The characters can barely hear 
each other unless they yell. When they’re not paying attention, 
the elevator disappears. They find themselves standing at 
the bottom of an infinitely tall shaft. Around them, there is a 
labyrinth of grand halls, long corridors, and deep pits. Stairs 
and outdated elevators connect the maze’s different levels. 
It stretches as far as they can see, mile after mile of twisting 
corridors wreathed in dark, oily smoke.
Many miles over their heads, the grey, dead sky cracks like a 
ruined ceiling. Perspectives are frequently distorted, the floors 
and ceiling weaving together and impossibly changing places 
in spiraling patterns. Stairs lead down, only to change direc-
tions upward, defying gravity and logic.
Screams echo from every direction. The thick smoke veils 
everything, coats anything it touches in soot. The light is 
weak, coming from fires deep down in the pits and shafts. 
Countless candles are placed in strange patterns around 
them, burning endlessly.
When their eyes have grown accustomed to the poor light 
and blinding smoke, the characters notice the floor is made 
up of steel grilles. Beneath the grating, there are children 
stuffed into small cells. Pleading stares and injured arms 
81
Other Sources
3

reach out for the characters, the screams intensifying. Their 
hands and arms are covered with wounds and boils. Blood 
and stinking fluids trickle down from the ceiling, painting the 
walls and floors. It does not take long before the characters are 
drenched by the fetid rain.
Those who have Magical Intuition see an abyss of degrada-
tion and rot at the center of this madness, a roaring chaos 
filled with suffering and inhuman evil. The characters do not 
have to roll for Keep it Together. They are in a dream, and 
thus not affected in the same way as if they were in reality. 
This does not mean that they do not feel nauseous, fright-
ened, and outraged.
Three Old 
Acquaintances
Potentially, the characters can walk through the Dream-­
Inferno for eternity. It never ends and looks much the same 
everywhere they go. If they try freeing the children, the char-
acters notice the grating cannot be lifted or broken. They 
can use the Art of Dreaming to remove them, but even then 
the grating reappears only moments later, inhibiting them.
While down in the cells, the characters notice the children 
have melted together, binding with the floor and walls. If 
they try to free them, they simply melt and bind with the 
floor elsewhere. Nothing works to free them more than 
temporarily. Nor can the characters speak with the chil-
dren. The children are in such extreme agony, blinded by 
pain and darkness, that the characters are virtually nonex-
istent to them.
While the characters wander around, they can encounter 
creatures of Inferno, primarily purgatides and occasion-
ally razides. The GM must decide whether the characters 
can and are willing to engage in combat against extra 
opponents. If this is too much, the characters can be 
hunted by superior creatures and barely escape.
The characters wander through the labyrinth for what 
feels like days. If they do not create food and water 
through the Art of Dreaming, they soon find themselves 
growing increasingly hungry and thirsty. It takes three 
days before anything happens, during which time they 
lose all sense of direction.
On the third day, the characters find themselves in a 
massive hall, walking toward an elevator on the other 
side. It is little more than a sliver of light. Suddenly, foot-
steps approach from three directions. Characters with 
Sixth Sense feel the impending danger.
Three shapes emerge out of the oily smoke, The Three 
Nepharites from Pogodin’s mansion. They step up to 
the characters bearing Chagidiel’s Mark. If the char-
acters have seen the picture of Kalenko’s family, they 
recognize them as his wife and daughters despite the 
grotesque wounds. They might also have successfully 
discovered their true names. If the characters make 
any indication they want to talk to the nepharites 
by saying their names, mentioning Nikolay Kalenko, 
or saying they have come to free the children, the nepharites 
halt their approach. They have orders to stop the characters, but 
Chagidiel has not expressly prohibited them from speaking to the 
characters first.
“We are Chagidiel’s servants. You are his enemies,” Alyona says. “This 
domain belongs to one of his three Incarnates 
– one of those you freed from the Three 
Innocents. Those were the three chil-
dren saved before the portal closed 
and who grew into men. They 
thought they had escape him. 
They did not understand what 
resided within them.
“This place holds those who did 
not escape before the portal 
closed. Their dreams are held 
captive here. You can let them 
go free. Do not dismiss our words 
simply because we must stop 
you. Seize the moment when 
it arrives.”
She can give the char-
acters all information 
about Kalenko’s house 
and the Death Angel, 
but they must directly 
ask for it. The nepha-
rites are no good at 
telling a coherent 
story or knowing 
what is relevant. They 
are unaware of Cha-
gidiel’s plans or where 
the two other Incarnates 
are.
“Now, we must hinder you, for 
that is our task. Prepare your-
selves,” Alyona finally says and 
the three nepharites attack. They 
only fight at half their ability. 
They do not actually want to 
stop the PCs, and retreat shortly 
after combat begins.
If the characters do not talk to the 
nepharites, the creatures simply 
enter into combat. Fortunately, 
with their Art of Dreaming, the 
characters have a solid chance 
of defeating the nepharites. They 
disappear if they are defeated or 
if the situation appears hopeless. 
If the characters have completely 
failed to understand key elements 
of the campaign, the GM can allow 
the nepharites to forego their attack 
and instead outline what is going on 
and who they are. However, this is a 
poor solution, which should only be 
used if nothing else has worked.
The Incarnate
82
Chapter 3 – Dark Dreams

Pyotr’s Captivity
A few hours after the meeting with the nepharites, the character 
carrying the black porcelain doll feels they must walk in a certain 
direction. They do not know what this sensation originates from, 
only that it is very powerful. A successful roll for Keep it Together 
or an appropriate Advantage (such as Stubborn and Bound) is 
required to ignore the impulse.
It is Pyotr, calling to them. He senses his liberation is close at 
hand. Nothing can be allowed to hinder his escape, so the 
characters must come to him. Sooner or later, they are likely to 
accept the persistent summons.
The characters feel as if they are descending deeper into the 
labyrinth, heading toward its center. The stench of blood and rot 
gradually intensifies and the black smoke becomes suffocating. 
There are fewer and fewer children, until finally there are only 
empty cells. Sometimes, the characters see the remains of des-
iccated bodies in the cells below them. The steady rain of blood 
and filth increases into a downpour. Characters with Magical 
Intuition sense they are approaching the roaring abyss which 
forms the labyrinth’s heart. The air becomes colder and darker. 
The characters are filled with an intense feeling of imminent 
disaster. The one carrying the doll feels the calling growing 
stronger with every step.
Finally, they reach a long, wide corridor. Ornamental pillars 
of black steel rise toward the ceiling, disappearing into the 
darkness far above them. The floor gratings rattle metallically 
below their feet. The pillars writhe slowly and when the char-
acters look closely, they realize the pillars are alive; an amal-
gam of bodies and metal, melded together.
At the end of the corridor, there is another pit-like cell. Pressed 
into its corner is a small boy about 3 or 4 years old. He lies 
against the wall, shaking, curled in the fetal position. The charac-
ters can get down in the cell in the same way as earlier. The boy 
is Pyotr, and does not react if the characters say or do anything 
– unless they show him the doll. Only then does he open his 
eyes and grab it. He roars deafeningly, his face darkening with 
inhuman rage. The entire labyrinth is shaken by the sound, alert-
ing the Dream-Incarnate something has gone terribly wrong. 
One of the children has woken from their captivity.
Encounter with 
the Death Angel
The walls of the small cell crumble away in cloud of plaster 
and mortar, blinding the PCs momentarily. When they can 
see clearly again, they find themselves standing in a vast hall, 
stretching off into Inferno. The ceiling can only be glimpsed far 
above them. Nothing remains of the cell from which they came.
Like torches, burning shapes twist in pain on the floor, casting 
everything in a flickering sheen. The hall echoes with their 
tormented wailing. The floor feels alive, pulsating faintly, and is 
completely black. It does not reflect 
any light or shadows. Heavy steel beams, stained with rust, rise 
toward the ceiling and seem to penetrate through the floor. 
Blood and white-grey fluids trickle along the beams, only to be 
greedily sucked up by the pulsating ground. Little Pyotr huddles 
against the doll carrier and says: “He is coming now. Can you feel 
it? He is coming to collect me.”
The Dream-Incarnate of Chagidiel reveals himself to the char-
acters with a roar, appearing out of the thin air. The Incarnate 
attacks, fully intending to kill the characters and imprison 
Pyotr. However, he hesitates and takes a few steps back upon 
seeing the black doll. This fearful pause gives the characters the 
initiative.
A ferocious battle erupts. The characters have an advantage 
through their Art of Dreaming. They should be able to vanquish 
the Incarnate through clever use of this power. However, they 
may be hindered or helped by their own feelings. Aggression 
and vengefulness are emotions Chagidiel feeds on. If they are 
driven by aggression and want to kill the Incarnate out of 
revenge (or simply free themselves from their disease), they 
receive −1 on all rolls. However, compassion and love are polar 
opposites to Chagidiel, and makes the battle more difficult for 
him. If the characters first and foremost wish to free and rescue 
the children, they receive +1 on all rolls during the battle.
Determining what drives the characters can be difficult. The GM 
should note how they’ve previously responded to the children 
and Magda, as well as consider what they have done thus far. 
Listen to what they say during the battle. If they spout curses 
and attack in nonsensical rage, they are receive the −1 penalty. 
If they appear calm and try to protect Pyotr (and free the chil-
dren), they receive the +1 bonus. If their motives are unclear or 
so mixed they cannot be separated, the character receive no 
modifications.
The characters are likely to defeat the Incarnate sooner or later. 
He staggers backward with an incredulous look on his face, 
staring at them with infinite hate in his eyes as he slowly fades 
away. Pyotr looks up at the characters and quietly says, “Thank 
you.” If they did not alter their bodies earlier, they discover they 
have regained their normal age and appearance.
The dream fades away, but characters who have learned they 
can revive the dead and heal wounds through the Art of Dream-
ing have enough time to treat themselves and their comrades.
Epilogue
The characters awake the following morning. If the GM wants 
(or needs to), they can have the Wanderer heal the wounded 
and revive the dead before they awake. The doll is missing. All 
the characters improve their Stability three steps.
If they contact Frankfurt Clinic, they are informed Pyotr died 
peacefully during the night with the doll in his arms. The other 
patients from Leningrad have all miraculously improved. If the 
characters find Ethel and Laila in Berlin, they have been freed 
from their nightmares.
83
Pyotr’s Captivity
3

Chapter 4  
German Autumn
T
he first events in this chapter can be 
run simultaneously with the dream sequences 
outlined in Chapter 3. This depends on how 
much the game­master (GM) is willing to han-
dle and the path the player characters (PCs) 
have chosen plot-wise. If they visit the hospi-
tal in Frankfurt an der Oder prior to a closer 
investigation of Germanische Gemein-
schaft, the two chains of events 
are probably best run in 
parallel.
Newspaper 
Headlines
After the three Russians are killed in Pogodin’s house, the case 
appears in the tabloid press and is plastered across every news-
stand. The newspapers fully implicate the characters with the 
murders. Experts on serial killers offer their informed opinions to 
various news outlets, stating the terrible crime is a textbook exam-
ple of ritual murder.
84
Chapter 4 – German Autumn

Meanwhile, journalists start digging into the three 
Russians’ pasts. Their old friends see no reason in pro-
tecting their dead companions, even if it means taking 
a risk. Anton Mahler’s past in Stasi is revealed first, 
followed by the release of unpublished articles detailing 
Pogodin’s mafia connections. However, the stories are 
framed somewhat sympathetically, the three Russians 
ended up in bad company and were murdered as a 
result of their sad pasts.
Three days following the murder, the newspapers pres-
ent large headlines reading, “Ritual-victims’ millions go 
to right-wing extremists.” The newspapers have success-
fully discovered that all the revenue from Mahler’s and 
Pogodin’s businesses are being transferred to an organi-
zation called Germanische Gemeinschaft, well known for 
its extreme right-wing totalitarian leanings. The stories 
suggest the testimonial wills (the grounds for the transfer) 
were forged or written under threat. The article contains 
a photograph of a house about to be demolished in East 
Berlin. In the background, a gang of young men in mili-
tary jackets stand defiantly. Three people stand closer to 
the camera. The characters recognize two of them as Filip 
Kramer and Alexi Blobel. They are engaged in an angry 
conversation with a third man: Leonard Freude.
The picture’s caption reads, “Ritually-murdered junkie, 
Filip Kramer, had close ties with the extremist organiza-
tion, Germanische Gemeinschaft, which is now inheriting 
over 38 million DM from the victims’ estates.” Thomas 
Liedner, the chief editor, is one of the Inner Circle, who 
was present at Pogodin’s rituals. His newspaper suggests 
the three Russians were victims of extortion by right-wing 
extremist groups, eventually leading to their murders.
Germanische 
Gemeinschaft
Gamemaster’s Background
Germanische Gemeinschaft is an old organization with 
roots in the German Nazi-party during World War 2. 
Founded as a club for aging Nazi clerks, the organization 
began as the Berlin Historical Society. During the 1950s, 
the Society’s attendance of roughly 100 members engaged 
in innocuous activities such as meetings, outings, and 
bridge nights. By the 1960s, new members started coming 
in: younger members interested in the Nazi ideology. The 
authorities noted the society’s increased politicization. 
Believing their reputation was about to be smeared, the 
elder members purged the new members, throwing out 
anyone who could threaten the Society’s reputation and its 
connections with the authorities. In response, the renegades, 
primarily young, Nazi-sympathizing white men founded the 
Germanische Gemeinschaft in 1971. 
The association remained an underground movement, 
unknown to the authorities. They had sect-like features, 
organized into cells with no knowledge of each other. Each 
cell had its own leader. During the 1970s, the Germanische 
Gemeinschaft cultivated dreams of a political takeover in East 
Germany. They performed numerous terrorist attacks against 
Party-loyal establishments and companies. By the mid-1970s, 
all the leaders were wanted by the authorities. Despite this, the 
membership enrollment continued to increase. The disparate 
cells assumed the organizational structure of an underground 
network with a party leadership and ideological vision.
In 1981, the entire association was threatened with extinction 
after twenty senior members were imprisoned. The police 
launched a successful campaign against the organization’s 
cells. However, the party miraculously survived after important 
evidence disappeared and the lead detectives in the investi-
gation were transferred. Eventually, the twenty imprisoned 
leaders were released.
The group’s secret savior was police-inspector Ernst Vogel, 
actually a razide from Inferno. He recognized Germanische 
Gemeinschaft’s potential to serve his own purpose. Following 
the crisis, the group’s leadership was restructured with Vogel 
at the top. Under Vogel’s direction, Germanische Gemeinschaft 
evolved into a criminal organization with terrorism and smug-
gling as its main agenda. New members were recruited from 
East Berlin’s poorest suburbs and neighborhoods. The cell-
based structure was abandoned and the organization divided 
into two sections: one section focused on political terrorism, 
while the other focused on criminal activities.
In 1982, Ernst Vogel met Nigel Harcombe. The two found them-
selves sharing much in common and organized a collaboration 
between Germanische Gemeinschaft and the Slavic Association. 
Germanische Gemeinschaft provided criminals and bodyguards 
to assist the Slavic Associations’s leadership. Several members 
disappeared or were transformed in magical ceremonies led 
by Kramer and Harcombe. During the eighties, Germanische 
Gemeinschaft grew and made contacts with neo-Nazi and 
racist groups in East and West Germany. They started arming 
themselves and other groups with weapons from the Soviet 
Union through their sister organization, Slava.
With Germany’s reunification, Germanische Gemeinschaft was 
truly put on the map. The organization acquired public prem-
ises in Prenzlauer Berg and began openly engaging in political 
activities. Their criminal ventures spread out over what was 
previously East Germany, where the understaffed police force, 
undergoing traumatic changes, could do little to halt their 
activities.
Currently, Germanische Gemeinschaft is one of Germany’s most 
prominent extremist organizations, boasting worldwide con-
nections. They acquire large profits through the sales of drugs 
and weapons. Ernst Vogel uses this money to bribe members 
of the juridical system in former East Germany, main-
taining a prominent power base.
85
Germanische Gemeinschaft
4

Germanische 
Gemeinschaft in 1991
Purpose and Ideology: The movement aims to 
expand their own power in Germany, while simultane-
ously reducing the power of the Bundestag (the Ger-
man parliament). They hope to control large portions 
of eastern German’s juridical system and the police 
force. Their ultimate goal is the creation of a military 
state and to facilitate the expulsion or destruction of all 
‘vermin unworthy of life’ (immigrants, Jews, the men-
tally ill, etc) from Germany.
Size: In Berlin, Germanische Gemeinschaft boasts 250 
members and roughly ten times this number of sym-
pathizers who are only active on occasion. In former 
East Germany, there are another couple of thousand 
members.
Organization: The movement is headquartered in Berlin, 
specifically in Ernst Vogel’s house on Lychener Straße. 
All the organization’s resources and orders are distrib-
uted from here, under Vogel’s direct supervision. Smaller 
groups conduct their own operations, but remain in con-
stant terror of angering Vogel through their actions. Most 
will not risk his punishment.
Leadership: Ernst Vogel is the organization’s absolute 
leader. His trusted aide, Leonard Freude, manages the 
daily operations and typically receives the blame if the 
police and authorities become suspicious of the group. 
Below them are five senior members; Reinhold Messner, 
Krister Blühme, Albert Schossel, Georg van der Verder, and 
Angelica Göttringer. All five are in their 40s and are highly 
organized and disciplined.
Members: The majority of the group’s membership orig-
inate from Berlin’s poorest neighborhoods and suburbs. 
Most have little education, no prospects of acquiring jobs, 
and no place in the new Germany. Most are white men 
between 15 and 40 years old.
Resources: Germanische Gemeinschaft is financed through 
the illicit sale of firearms and drugs. As such, the movement 
can freely access heavy weapons. Furthermore, Vogel has 
bribed large portions of East Berlin’s police force and can 
conduct operations publicly without getting into trouble.
Geographical Distribution: While Berlin is their center of 
influence, the movement can be found throughout former 
East Germany.
Signs of Recognition: Members wear German Wehrmacht 
coats over their jeans and t-shirts. The Inner Circle utilize 
coded hand signals to identify allies from outsiders.
Methods: Germanische Gemeinschaft is focused around a 
ruthless fascist ideology. Violence is the best solution to any 
problem. Strength is power. As such, the movement’s activities 
lack control and discretion. Ernst Vogel could use his influence 
to defame enemies or have the police apprehend them, but 
this simply does not occur to him. He would much rather open 
a portal to Inferno and send its creatures to attack his enemies.
Non-Human Connections: A razide, Ernst Vogel originates 
from Chagidiel’s Inferno. He has no direct contact with his mas-
ter and is unaware of his role in Chagidiel’s plans. He believes 
he is acting completely on his own behalf.
Openness: Since Germany’s reunification, Germanische Gemein-
schaft has been completely open about being a right-wing 
extremist movement. Vogel is even considering running in Ber-
lin’s next mayoral elections.
Connections to other Groups: Germanische Gemeinschaft 
cooperates with Slava in Russia, as well as the Soviet mafia. They 
also maintain contacts with other right-wing extremist groups in 
Western Europe.
Enemies: As a whole, parliamentary Germany remains hostile to 
movements like Germanische Gemeinschaft. Uncorrupted lead-
ership in the police force actively work against the movement.
Available Information
The PCs can easily find out about Germanische Gemeinschaft 
through newspaper archives; the movement’s activities fre-
quently appear in the press. Interestingly, there is no informa-
tion about the organization prior to the German Reunification. 
Neither are they mentioned anywhere in the East German 
archives, other than Stasi reports, most of which have been pur-
posefully destroyed during the reunification process. 
NEWSPAPER CLIPPINGS
A headline from March 13, 1990, reads “Neo-Nazis in East Berlin.” 
It details the rise of neo-Nazis groups after the reunification, 
focusing on an East Berlin squatters’ house being taken over. A 
picture shows Filip Kramer standing in front of the Prenzlauer 
Berg house.
Another headline from the autumn of 1990 reads, “Police Raid 
the Germanische Gemeinschaft Headquarters.” The police were 
searching for weapons, but came out empty-handed. A third 
headline from that autumn reads, “We Are Not Fascists.” In 
the article, Leonard Freude, a representative for Germanische 
Gemeinschaft, denies the movement is a non-democratic orga-
nization. The characters recognize him from the photo with Filip 
Kramer.
NEWSPAPER CONTACTS
Contacts at Berlin newspapers provide more insight into the 
organization. Journalists who attempted to connect the Slavic 
Association with ritual murders and the mafia have had their 
articles on Germanische Gemeinschaft stopped as well. They 
are sure the organization is selling illegal weaponry all over 
Europe. A murderous clash between biker gangs in Christiania, 
Denmark, involved Russian AKM assault rifles supplied by Ger-
manische Gemeinschaft. “But someone paid to keep it quiet. There 
is big money behind all of this. People have vanished and the police 
are closing investigation. I have been threatened myself, so I’m not 
meddling in this. It’s bad for my health,” one of the journalists 
concedes.
POLICE CONTACTS
The police remain quiet about the Germanische Gemeinschaft. 
The characters suspect the issue is something no one wants 
to talk about. “It’s sensitive,” their contact explains. “There are 
people working on it, trying to find credible evidence. We rely 
on our contacts with other organizations in Russia. But there are 
higher-ups who have prohibited any investigations. Simply put a lid 
on it. So, no one can step out of line and say they’re working on it, 
if you catch my drift.”
86
Chapter 4 – German Autumn

The Germanische 
Gemeinschaft Headquarters
Germanische Gemeinschaft has its headquarters on Lychener Straße 
in East Berlin. It is an old, dilapidated house, surrounded by reno-
vated buildings. Properties on either side of the house are deserted, 
however. The organization uses its influence to halt any more con-
struction, thus maintaining a level of isolation.
A fence of barbed wire, anchored with heavy oil barrels, runs the 
building’s perimeter. There are two gates: an entrance on the front 
side and an entrance to the large backyard. Two burned-out cars 
add to the building’s decrepit appearance.
For most of the day, two to three guards attend each of the gates. 
However, they grow lax (read: drunk) late at night, especially if a 
band is playing at the local pub. During the daytime, fifty German-
ische Gemeinschaft members and sympathizers are in the house. By 
nightfall, the number tapers off to between fifteen and twenty-five 
people. Publicly, the house isn’t listed as the organization’s head-
quarters, but everybody knows it is. The building also boasts an 
open pub, which is frequented by both right-wing extremists and 
unaffiliated locals from the neighborhood, mostly unemployed. It is 
not a closed club, so anyone can drink here. However, anyone try-
ing to go upstairs encounters trouble, as this is where Germanische 
Gemeinschaft’s real members and leaders socialize.
To successfully infiltrate this private area, characters would require 
recommendations from right-wing extremists in Germany or 
abroad. These can be forged, as long as they appear somewhat 
credible. Furthermore, this approach only works on ordinary 
members of the organization. If they encounter Ernst Vogel, the 
characters are immediately unmasked, no matter how good their 
forged aliases and recommendations are. The marked characters 
see that Vogel is a razide, and Vogel, in turn, recognizes they carry 
Chagidiel’s Mark. He becomes terrified and tries to kill them, 
quickly and at any cost.
The characters can sneak through the house as well, the guards 
are quite lax and much of the house is asleep by early morning. If 
they wear appropriate outfits, the characters can pass the guards 
and people inside the building, pretending to be a friend-of-a-
friend. Even if they’re discovered on the top floor, the characters 
are simply escorted out with a warning. Otherwise, the household 
responds more violently.
More aggressive stances should be avoided, as they likely result 
in bloodshed. Germanische Gemeinschaft members are well-
armed and violent. Furthermore, the local police will respond to 
the disturbance in force, adding their support to the Germanische 
Gemeinschaft rather than the characters.
CONVERSATIONS  
WITH THE NEO-NAZIS
If the PCs pose as neo-Nazis, they can acquaint themselves with 
the members and sympathizers (Neo-Nazis) who frequent the 
pub. Most of them are intoxicated and unguarded when they 
talk. They even show off their guns if the characters ask about 
weapon deliveries. No one hides the fact they have access to 
large quantities of military weapons smuggled in from Russia 
through the “comrade organization.”
“It’s mostly old Soviet crap we get from working with the Russians. 
It’s all the stuff they don’t want themselves. They know we can’t 
defend ourselves with this junk, so they’ll just march over us after 
they’ve taken over Russia. It’s why I prefer German craftsmanship,” 
one says, tapping his Heckler & Koch. “They want western cur-
rency, so that’s why they sell their guns here.” another one adds.
It is harder to find out anything about the drug business. If the 
characters ask where they can buy drugs, they are referred to 
Messner in the bookshop. But inquiries about where the drugs 
originate from are met with an uneasy silence. Someone mum-
bles “from Toxic” before the others hush him.
Just as the conversation reaches its peak, the front door sud-
denly opens and Leonard Freude storms in. The pub falls quiet 
and people start looking into their glasses, while those who 
spoke to the characters promptly excuse themselves.
Freude stalks over to the characters and asks them who they 
are. If they use any sensible explanation, he shrugs and dis-
missively continues on, heading up to the second floor. If 
they act suspiciously, he nods to the other members and joins 
the characters’ table, questioning them more intently. If they 
successfully maintain their deception, they only get thrown out. 
If they fail, the other members drag them up to Vogel’s office. 
Once there, Ernst Vogel immediately attacks, aided by Leonard 
Freude. The other members stand guard outside the office, 
making sure the characters don’t get away.
Map & Floor Plans 
of the Headquarters
GROUND FLOOR
[1] Hall: The entrance leads into a narrow hall with off-white 
walls. Straight ahead, stairs lead up and down. A corridor on 
the right continues through the house, ending at a locked 
door to the backyard. Everything is shabby and decrepit.
[2] Café: Mismatched coffee tables line the room. On the larg-
est table against the far wall, three coffee thermoses and 
plates with cookies and buns have been set out. The day’s 
special, wurstsemmel, is written down on a blackboard. 
During the day, followers and members (Neo-Nazis) lounge 
around, eating and drinking coffee. Strangers are met with 
suspicion and questions, especially anyone looking out of 
place. The café opens at 7 a.m. and closes at 7 p.m, but the 
area remains open to foot traffic for the pub.
[3] Kitchen: An old kitchen with a gas stove and worn-out 
benches and cupboards. A new freezer is placed against 
the wall. In the pantry, there are both fresh and rancid 
foodstuffs. Heinz, a skinny 30-year-old man, and Rosalyn, a 
robust 40-year-old woman, attend to the kitchen. They are 
quiet and morose.
[4] Pub: The pub stays open from 7 p.m. until the early morn-
ing, and is usually packed by 9 p.m. It’s filled with around 
thirty to forty Neo-Nazis. Around 2 a.m., the crowd thins 
out to somewhere between ten and twenty patrons. A few 
tables along the walls offer sitting places. Most patrons 
stand around tabletops placed atop rusted oil barrels. On 
Thursdays and Saturdays, the pub hosts live bands who 
are associated with the neo-Nazi movement. Most of those 
who come here are followers, but not necessarily mem-
bers, of Germanische Gemeinschaft. The pub is notorious 
for its violent fights; trouble breaking out most nights. 
Anyone looking out of place or unknown to the regular 
clientele are confronted. However, most of the clientele 
back off if they’re outmatched.
87
Germanische Gemeinschaft
4

[5] Bar: Jörg (Neo-Nazi), a tall, obese, middle-aged man in 
camo-fatigues tends the bar. He is very talkative and 
gossips about everything and everyone, unless he is 
suspicious. Beer and home-brewed liquor are sold cheaply. 
Hashish can be bought under the counter. The bartender 
keeps a Franchi SPAS-12 shotgun [3/1 Harm, Range: room/
field] under the counter for when things get out of hand.
[6] Toilet: The toilet is incredibly dirty and stinks like a sewer. 
The pub guests prefer to go out in the yard to relieve 
themselves.
[7] Storage: There are extra tabletops and chairs here, as well 
as empty bottles, iron bars, and rocks, which patrons use 
against rival gangs or the police whenever there’s trouble.
[8] Game Room: The entrance is closed and guarded by a 
young man (statistics and weaponry like that of a neo-
Nazi). The room is furnished with three tables and chairs. 
The windows are covered with thick, yellow-grey curtains. 
Around the clock, full members of Germanische Gemein-
schaft are playing cards here, betting sizable amounts of 
money. Each night, Leonard Freude is here between 11 p.m. 
and 3 a.m. People with money are allowed inside, but if 
they appear weak, they run the risk of being robbed later.
[9] Common Room: Propaganda posters and illustrations 
cover the walls. Benches line the walls, while a table with 
journals and empty bottles sits in the middle of the room. 
Most of the time the room is empty.
[10] Bookstore: The bookstore sells far-right political books 
and journals, military and gun magazines, and obscure 
writings released by Satanic and extreme occult groups. All 
the Black Sun publications can be bought here. With the 
right code words, characters can also buy illegal drugs 
and heavy weapons.
The store manager, Reinhold Messner, is an old friend of Leon-
ard Freude and influential in the Germanische Gemeinschaft. 
He is a well-trained, 40-year-old man with short dark hair. 
He dresses in black uniforms and mirrored glasses. He tends 
to speak excessively and at length, especially with regard to 
far-right extremism and totalitarian politics. He hides a H&K 
VP70Z handgun under the counter, and shoots a warning shot 
if someone starts trouble. If he suspects something is wrong, 
he sends his assistant to get Freude or Vogel. The bookstore is 
open from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. After closing, Messner tidies up for 
another hour before locking up. The door can be opened with 
the right tools and successful Open Locked Doors or appropri-
ate Advantage (such as Burglar).
[11] Reading Room: Reinhold Messner furnished a reading 
room in a vain attempt to get the members to participate 
in literary and ideological study groups. Few are interested 
in the books, most use the couches to sleep off a hangover. 
There are three couches grouped around a low table. The 
walls are covered with emblems, photographs, and posters.
[12] Printing Room: An old phototypesetting machine domi-
nates one corner and an ancient, offset printer sits in the 
other. Black-stained papers litter the floor. Paper and various 
journal prints are stacked on the shelves. The movement’s 
propaganda flyers and magazines are printed here. From 11 
a.m. to 7 p.m., a couple of members in greasy overalls are 
here, fighting to get the machines working. After 7 p.m., the 
room remains empty.
88
Chapter 4 – German Autumn

[13] Writing room: Flyers and simple magazines are written here 
on two old electrical typewriters. Two writing desks and a 
worn sofa constitute the furnishing. Hermann Kronenberg 
(Neo-Nazi), the teenage editor of the German Spring journal, 
effectively lives on the room’s couch. His possessions are 
spread across the room. He wears baggy pants with suspend-
ers, a net shirt, and an ivory-handled Luger P.08 (handgun) in 
a shoulder holster. Three complete annual volumes of German 
Spring are archived in binders on the floor. Going through all of 
them provides the exact times Leonard Freude and Ernst Vogel 
traveled to Russia and met representatives for Slava, as well as 
when members of Slava visited Berlin.
[14] Shed: Mechanical tools and spare parts for cars and motorcy-
cles are stored here.
FIRST FLOOR
[1] Hall: The hall looks as rundown as the ground floor. Moisture 
damage forms patterns on the ceiling, and the wallpaper is 
peeling. The stairs continue upwards. Two Neo-Nazis guard 
the stairwell, stopping anyone unless they have orders from 
upstairs. Characters with sufficient social skills can talk or 
bribe their way around the guards.
[2] Sleeping Hall: Twelve members of Germanische Gemein-
schaft (Neo-Nazis)) live here. They usually sleep between 3 
a.m. and 11 a.m. At any other time, only a couple of members 
are present. The room was an old cantina and features two 
tiled stoves. The ceiling’s plaster stucco work is falling down, 
and the parquet flooring is water damaged. Cardboard boxes 
and sleeping areas line the floor, along with the inhabitants’ 
possessions. Amongst the makeshift bedrooms, characters 
can find four H&K VP70Z handguns (handgun), each with one 
spare magazine.
[3] Reception: In a half-hearted attempt at appearing profes-
sional, Ernst Vogel hired a receptionist for Germanische 
Gemeinschaft. The secretariat consists of two rooms, a recep-
tion and an office. The reception is overseen by Christine 
Schönbaum, a woman in her 30s who sympathizes with the 
movement. She is short and blonde, dressed in jeans and a 
sweater. She spends most of her time reading and drinking 
coffee. If anyone comes in to ask about the movement, 
she hands over a brochure. If anyone asks for Freude or 
Vogel, or asks complex questions about Germanische 
Gemeinschaft, she sends another member upstairs to 
get someone from the leadership. Schönbaum works 
the reception between 11 a.m. and 5 p.m. She locks the 
door when she leaves. It can be opened with just a 
knife or other pick-like object.
[4] Office: The office is furnished with two desks, each 
with an electrical typewriter and a personal computer. 
A clerk, Heidi Schmidt, works here. Ernst Vogel hand-
picked her to manage the bookkeeping and paper-
work. Heidi is a small, stocky woman in her fifties, who 
dismisses all questions, simply saying she only works 
here and knows nothing. In truth, in addition to her 
accounting skills, she is a competent Death Magician. 
She works in the office between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m., 
while taking lunch between noon and 1:30 p.m. With-
out Vogel’s expressed permission, she refuses to allow 
anyone see any paperwork, no matter the circum-
stance. When Schmidt leaves, she locks the door.
[5] Junk Room: The room contains all the leftover furni-
ture from when Germanische Gemeinschaft took over 
the house. Old sofas, tables, and chairs are stacked with 
white sheets covering them.
[6] Bathroom: A bathtub and walk-in shower occupy this 
room. The tiling is cracked and moldy, damaged from 
moisture and neglect.
[7] Toilet: Somewhat older than the toilet on the bottom 
floor.
[8] König’s Room: Nicholas König is acting leader 
of the first-floor members, which means he gets 
his own room where he lives with his girlfriend, 
Beate. The furnishings consist of a table filled 
with junk, an empty bookshelf, and two sleeping 
bags on sleeping mats. In a gun case, there is an 
unloaded Kalashnikov AKM (assault rifle). The 
walls are decorated with posters, black and 
white photographs, newspaper clippings, and 
a collection of knives from different world 
armies. Nicholas and Beate are only here at 
night; otherwise, the room is empty.
89
Germanische Gemeinschaft
4

[9] Storage Room: Leftover furniture, cans of paint, 
tools, and appliances are crammed into the room.
[10] Radio New Germany Editorial Room: An old sound 
system sits beneath the glass wall, facing the radio 
studio. Three desks with tape recorders and typewrit-
ers fill the remaining space. While other neo-Nazi and 
racist organizations are involved in transmissions, the 
radio station itself is solely operated by Germanische 
Gemeinschaft. Despite its claims of being indepen-
dent, all the broadcasts are controlled by the German-
ische Gemeinschaft leadership. The station remains on 
the air 24-hours a day and is mostly music, but is only 
manned at night between 5 p.m. and midnight. The 
station manager, Gerd Kröcher, belongs to The Wolves, 
a racist coalition in West Berlin. He is only in the 
house when he is working at the radio station. Several 
members of Germanische Gemeinschaft assist with the 
broadcasts, including Reinhold Messner. The door is 
locked when the station is unmanned.
[11] Broadcast Studio: A temporary, but functional, radio 
studio with insulated walls. A table with a microphone 
is the only equipment.
[12] Radio Archive: An archive for Radio New Germany and 
other radio programs regarding right-wing extremist 
politics, neo-Nazis, racist movements, and general right-
wing politics in Germany.
SECOND FLOOR
[1] Hall: This hall is in better condition than the lower levels. 
The wallpaper has been fixed, and the floor is covered 
with rugs. The walls are decorated with lithographies 
from famous German battles.
[2] Guard Room: The room is furnished with two tables and 
six chairs, as well as a tile stove in one corner. Everything 
is well organized and tidy. Oil paintings from the 19th 
century decorate the walls, preceding the Germanische 
Gemeinschaft’s arrival. The room has two windows. One 
has a mounted MG3 machine gun (4 Harm). There are two 
regular Neo-Nazis here and one senior member, usually 
Krister Blühme. They watch the main street and guard 
three prisoners. The prisoners’ door is locked.
[3] Prisoners: Apart from two mattresses in one corner, the 
room is empty of furnishings. Three men are shackled 
with handcuffs. All of them are unshaven and show signs 
of abuse. They are Alfred Hausser, Ferdinand Neufeldt, 
and Jürgen Seidelberg. Hausser is an undercover police 
officer (see Leads at Germanische Gemeinschaft, p. 91). 
Neufeldt is a member who leaked secrets to the press 
and is awaiting his punishment. Seidelberg is a member 
of Berlin’s rival neo-Nazi movement. The keys to the 
prisoner’s handcuffs are hanging on Leonard Freude’s 
keychain.
[4] Overnight Stay Room: A living room with a sectional 
sofa, table, and TV. There are also two beds and some 
easy chairs. An old crystal chandelier hangs from the ceil-
ing. A stereo is playing quiet music. A bookcase with glass 
doors stands against the wall, filled with classic Nazi and 
fascist literature. There is a MG 3 machine gun (4 Harm) 
mounted by the window. Occasionally, the room hosts 
one of Germanische Gemeinschaft’s top five leaders, 
except Vogel and Freude. Between 2 a.m. and 11 a.m., 
Messner, Blühme, and Albert Schossel might be found here.
[5] Toilet: Clean and tidy.
[6] Bathroom: A rarely used bathroom, which is clean and 
tidy.
[7] Conference Room: A huge dining table dominates the 
room, surrounded by high-backed chairs. It belonged 
to the original household and has been maintained by 
Germanische Gemeinschaft. A crystal chandelier hangs 
over the table, while a tile stove stands in the corner. The 
leadership uses the room for discussions and private par-
ties. There is an MG 3 (4 Harm) mounted by the window. 
A man (Neo-Nazi) stands guard over the weapon storage 
room [9].
[8] Storage: The storage contains food supplies, extra clothes, 
and other necessities for members when they are forced to 
leave Berlin in a hurry. There is also an old sofa and some 
cleaning equipment.
90
Chapter 4 – German Autumn

[9] Weapon Storage: The door is locked and barred with a chain. A Neo-Nazi 
stands guard outside the door (see Conference Room [7]). Inside the arsenal, 
there is a MG 3 (machine gun, 4 Harm) packed in a box together with 1000 
rounds (10 cartridge cases with 100 shots). There are also five AKMs (assault 
rifles) with five magazines each, eight Uzis (submachine guns) with three 
magazines each, one Dragunov SVD (sniper rifle), and two crates containing 
twelve hand grenades each (explosives). There is also a crate containing 
ten bullet-proof vests (normal armor).
[10] Freude’s Room: Although Leonard Freude owns an apartment on Schön-
hauser straße, he often sleeps at the house. His room is furnished with a 
narrow bed, a desk, and two easy chairs. The curtains are always closed. 
Everything is meticulously placed in rows, suggesting his pedantic 
nature. There are papers in neat piles on the desk. On the bedside table, 
ten gunshow and motorcyclist magazines are neatly stacked.
[11] Vogel’s Room: Ernst Vogel never willingly allows anyone into his room. 
He lives here and rarely leaves the house. The door to the conference 
room remains locked. The curtains are always pulled, keeping the 
room perpetually dark. Vogel does not require light to see, but occa-
sionally maintains a fire in the tiled stove. Furnishings consist of a bed 
and a table. Vogel stores his correspondence in two document trays on 
his table. An AKM (assault rifle) hangs on the bedpost. A bag filled with 
modern electrical tools used for autopsies lies under the bed. Beside 
it is an old leather bag, which contains ancient torture instruments 
and leather bindings for hands and feet. There are no traces of blood 
or violence, Freude constantly cleans the room. Through lab analysis 
of the tools, characters can find traces of blood on the leather straps 
and around the room, belonging to Freude and dozens of different 
people. He emerges from the room at any signs of commotion. Rec-
ognizing Chagidiel’s Mark, he attacks the characters on sight.
LEADS AT 
GERMANISCHE GEMEINSCHAFT
The bookshop: Beneath the counter, the player characters find eight 
Makarovs (automatic pistols), two AKMs (assault rifles), 250 grams of 
hashish, and a box of green pills of some unidentified narcotic. The 
serial numbers on the weapons can be traced back to Flight Base F3’s 
storage facility, located outside Moscow.
Bookkeeping: Schmidt is organizing the movement’s bookkeeping to 
simplify the accounts with Slava and other partners, who have com-
plained about the confusing statements. There are several binders 
containing receipts, invoicing, and listings for suppliers and buyers, 
as well as the movement’s inventory of drugs and weapons. Approxi-
mately half of the bookkeeping has been transferred to the computer, 
which has rudimentary protection (easily circumvented by characters 
with computer skills). The information can be copied to floppy disks 
or printed out.
A roll for Investigate reveals Germanische Gemeinschaft’s annual 
income last year was approximately 300 million DM, except 
for 100,000DM in outstanding debts. Anyone with some 
accounting knowledge realizes the products specified in 
the receipts and invoices are grossly overpriced. The 
most frequent supplier – and responsible for 
half of the transactions – is Slava, located in 
Moscow. The largest buyers are Toxic 
Café on Würtemberg Straße and 
Harmann’s Mechanische on 
Fogelberg Straße.
Ernst Vogel’s  
human form
91
Germanische Gemeinschaft
4

The Radio Archives: A thorough search of the archived material 
uncovers a series of programs from Russia, featuring interviews 
with prominent people from Slava. This includes Colonel Leskov 
speaking of the importance of a strong, united Russia and resur-
recting the Tsarist autocracy.
Alfred Hausser: Hausser, an undercover police officer, was 
investigating Germanische Gemeinschaft until being caught a 
couple of days ago. He belongs to a smaller section of Berlin’s 
drug-enforcement division. As his superiors suspected the 
extremists had inside information regarding raids, Hausser’s 
work remained covert, even within the police. However, his 
mission could not be kept secret for long. Someone at the 
police force leaked his information to the neo-Nazis and he 
was taken. Now, they are waiting for the right moment to 
dispose of him.
If the characters free Hausser, he and his fellow police 
officers hold them in high regard from this point for-
ward. Hausser knows drugs have been delivered to a bar 
named Toxic Café. Several police have noticed their raids 
uncover no drugs or weapons made at the Germanische 
Gemeinschaft house, despite the overwhelming evi-
dence to the contrary.
Other Prisoners: If the player characters rescue 
them, Ferdinand Neufeldt and Jürgen Seidelberg are 
extremely grateful. Ferdinand Neufeldt provides them 
the addresses for the drug factory and the weapons 
storage. He is prepared to become a witness, if 
guaranteed police protection. He knows little about 
Germanische Gemeinschaft’s connection with Slava, 
other than the weapons brought in from Soviet 
military camps. Seidelberg prefers to disappear and 
go underground as soon as he is freed, refusing to 
say anything.
Interrogating the Leaders: If the characters 
succeed in killing Vogel and defeating the group’s 
other leaders, they can question them about 
Germanische Gemeinschaft’s activities. Schos-
sel considers cooperating with the police in 
return for a lighter sentence. Freude, Göttringer, 
Messner, and Blühme are more hardened and 
only answer questions under actual threat of 
death. They also negotiate with the police to 
diminish their involvement in order to receive 
the lightest punishment possible.
Schossel tells the characters Germanische 
Gemeinschaft cooperates closely with the 
Russian organization, Slava. Through Slava 
contacts, they buy guns from Soviet army 
camps and then resell them to contacts in 
Western Europe at profit. Schossel sus-
pects Slava is currently planning a military 
coup. He provides the address to the 
weapon storage and the drug factory.
The Weaponry: The weapons have 
serial numbers, which the characters 
can trace to Soviet military bases. The 
weapon crates are marked “Harmann’s 
Mechanical. Machine Parts” (“Har-
manns Mechanische. Maschine Teile”).
Vogel’s Correspondence: Ernst Vogel has several letters, 
which can provide the characters valuable leads. One is 
written in German and stamped with the same symbol found 
carved in Pogodin’s Floor (see Chapter 1); a “C” with a cross 
beneath it. The letter is dated three days after the Incarnates 
were set free, and reads:
Herr Vogel,
From this date forward, I am assuming supreme command of 
Slava and oversight of all future operations. Colonel Leskov remains 
executive manager of the Moscow-section and F3. I presume that our 
continued cooperation, as per our original agreement, will be satis-
factory. A larger delivery is planned for the end of November. I would 
appreciate your attendance in Moscow to discuss the matter further. 
We share common interests.
General Strelkov of the Soviet Air Forces
Another letter, is also written in German and signed by Filip. It was 
sent three days before the Russians died:
Dear Ernst,
I’m writing to ask you a favor. A number of men have been pursuing me 
for several weeks now. They appeared in my dreams and then later in the 
waking world. I’m afraid that they are after me and our friends, Mahler 
and Pogodin. I think they’ve already killed an old acquaintance of mine, a 
woman. I believe this was an attempt to lure me out into the open. Possi-
bly French or Danish death magicians. I would be very grateful if you could 
help me dispose of them. I will stop by to discuss the issue further.
Yours,
Filip
Harmann’s 
Mechanical 
(Weapons Storage)
Several leads uncovered at Germanische Gemeinschaft point towards Har-
mann’s Mechanical, where weapons shipped from Slava are stored until being 
sold in Germany and abroad. The PCs can follow Reinhold Messner and his 
men when they transfer weapons two times per week. Leonard Freude also 
visits the storage facility biweekly to check on activities there.
Once a mechanical workshop, Harmann’s Mechanical is a grey concrete build-
ing that was constructed in the sixties. Situated in an urban area with tenements 
and abandoned industrial properties along the Spree, its closest neighbor is 
a brewery’s warehouse. In the 1980s, it became an army storage facility for 
mechanical parts. Ernst Vogel forged official documents transferring the building 
from government control into the Germanische Gemeinschaft’s ownership.
Due to its lax security, characters can sneak onto the property without difficulty. 
In the secluded neighborhood, few are willing to get involved. Even gunfire is 
unlikely to attract attention; police won’t show up until after fifteen minutes or 
longer.
The PCs can pretend to be interested in buying guns. In this case, they must be 
dressed appropriately and have a believable reason for knowing about the arms-deal-
ing. Flashing plenty of money and appearing well-armed helps convince the guards 
at the storage that the characters are legitimate buyers. In this case, the guards call 
Leonard Freude to conduct the deal. If Freude has previously encountered the charac-
ters, things get out of hand very quickly.
92
Chapter 4 – German Autumn

Map & Floor Plan  
of Harmann’s Mechanical
[1] Yard: The yard is surrounded by a wooden fence topped with 
barbed wire. The entrance gate is wide enough for trucks to 
pass through, and is locked from the inside with heavy-duty 
chains. There is no electronic alarm. Inside the gate, there is a 
small sentry box manned by a Guard. Its main window faces 
the street, so the guard can talk to visitors without opening the 
gate. The concrete yard is cracked and full of potholes. There is 
often a truck parked here.
[2] Loading Gangway: An old, cracked loading gangway with 
three gates leading into the storage building. When loading 
and unloading are in progress, three Guards supervise pro-
ceedings. Otherwise, it is empty.
[3] Storage Room: The room was originally build as a storage 
area. Various storage spaces still remain, even though the 
steel beams are rusty. A dusty glass cage in the room serves 
as a small office with a desk. A coffee-brewer stands on the 
table, but otherwise the office appears unused. Weapons 
are stored on large pallets, marked with sender and buyer. 
There are fifty crates containing a grenade launcher (explo-
sives, range: field), and another fifty crates, each containing 
ten AKMs (assault rifles) and 200 boxes of ammunition 
(750 rounds per box). Two 90mm anti-aircraft guns are 
also packed in crates tagged, “Sender: Slava, Moscow” and 
“Receiver: BSD, Paris.” There are always three Guards in the 
area, the same three who supervise deliveries on the loading 
gangway.
[4] Engineering Workshop Area: Old lathes, drills, and grind-
ing machines still stand here, rusting away. Decaying boxes 
of tools and machine parts lie on the rust-covered floor. The 
least degraded machines have been repaired and are used 
for light work. New tools stand next to them. In a corner, 
there is a relatively new forklift.
[5] Storage Area: Ramps lead up to the room, which previ-
ously was a workshop. All the machines have been torn 
out and the area is used for storage for the most sensitive 
goods. There are ten crates of advanced demolition equip-
ment, spare parts for Hind helicopters and fighter aircraft, 
three cases with equipment for radar surveillance, and 
dozens of crates containing a complete air-defense system 
reminiscent of the Patriot system (S-300). (It is difficult for 
the characters to realize this without Investigating the 
crates thoroughly). There are two Guards in the area.
[6] Office: The office consists of a desk with a simple type-
writer and a few document trays. Everything is covered 
with a thin layer of dust. The office is only used sporadically 
with no one here all day. Binders on the shelves contain 
primitively coded waybills and orders. There are lists of 
suppliers and buyers spanning the last five years.
[7] Office: The room only contains a single desk. 
The room is covered in dust. It has not been 
used for several years.
[8] Toilets: Used syringes have been 
thrown in the waste basket 
next to the toilet. It is 
pretty dirty.
Ernst Vogel’s  
true form
93
Harmann’s Mechanical (Weapons Storage)
4

[9] Storage: An old storage filled with toilet paper and office 
supplies. It is obvious it has not been used in years.
[10] Loading Dock: A loading ramp leads down to the river 
wharf. A half-sunken loading barge lies a short distance 
downstream. A thorough inspection of the dock’s mooring 
rings reveals boats have been docking here over the last 
year. There are no boats here when the characters arrive.
LEADS AT 
HARMANN’S MECHANICAL
The Guards: If the characters threaten the guards, they tell 
them anything they want to know. They know the weapons are 
shipped from Slava, which has a headquarters in Moscow. Slava 
has close contact with Germanische Gemeinschaft. Slava’s leader 
is called Leskov. “But I hear they’ve got someone new now. Called 
Streko or something like that. I don’t know. It’s not my problem,” the 
guard says. If the characters ask about drug deals, the guards tell 
them raw opium is brought in from Russia. It is taken to the Toxic 
Café, “a place in town.”
The Weapon Crates: The PCs easily see the guns are of Soviet 
design. Several crates are marked with regimental information 
from the army warehouses they originated from. Most of them 
have come from Air Base F3, located outside Moscow.
The Office: A successful Investigate roll reveals the deliver-
ies go directly from Slava’s address in Moscow to Harmann’s 
Mechanical. No middlemen are employed in the transactions. 
From there, the shipments are then sent out to some fifty 
addresses all over Europe. The police can easily break the 
codes used by cross checking the addresses and contact people 
used. The buyers are mostly right-wing extremist movements, 
but also criminal organizations in the Netherlands and France. 
Some fifty waybills detail deliveries from Harmann’s to Toxic 
Café on Würtembergstraße in the city. According to the way-
bills, the shipments are “spare parts.” A character with the right 
contacts or further Investigating can trace payments going 
directly to Geneva’s federal bank. Good computer knowledge 
gains access to the account, revealing roughly 100 million DM 
has been deposited to Slava’s account.
94
Chapter 4 – German Autumn

Toxic Café
The characters uncover leads to the Toxic Café at both German-
ische Gemeinschaft and Harmann’s Mechanical. Toxic Café is a 
bar, which functions as a cover for Germanische Gemeinschaft’s 
drug production. The actual production is overseen by Siegfried 
Hinderman, a respected politician in the city council. He owns 
the Toxic Café through a dummy company, Dortmund Maria 
GmbH. Hinderman has no direct connection to Germanische 
Gemeinschaft and only interacts with them through the business.
Toxic Café lies on Würtembergstraße, east of Friedrichstraße. 
Despite the name, Toxic is a bar rather than a café, which also 
becomes a nightclub over the weekends. Its patrons are mostly 
local right-wing extremists and Germanische Gemeinschaft mem-
bers. The building also functions as a cover for drug production. 
Heroin is refined from raw materials brought in from Slava in 
Russia. Production of synthetic amphetamines is also carried out 
here. A deal with the local police department ensures the busi-
ness can operate undisturbed.
Drug Deals
To gain access to Toxic Cafe, the characters can pose as drug 
dealers. If they discuss the idea with Alfred Hausser, he agrees it is 
a good idea, as it benefits his current operations. The characters 
are wired with microphones for their meeting with Hinderman. 
In addition to police support, Hausser provides them with a plau-
sible cover story, as well as money and contacts to add to their 
appearance as drug dealers.
If they contact someone at the café and present their business, 
the bartender tells them to come back the following night at 3 
a.m., after closing. After calling and until 3 a.m., the characters 
are followed by two Guards from the drug factory, who are trying 
to determine whether they are working with the police. Their 
background and identities are confirmed by Hinderman’s men. 
Depending on how they’ve constructed their false backgrounds, 
the characters succeed in passing these checks. Hausser’s assis-
tance assures success. If the guards become suspicious, the char-
acters find the café closed at 3 a.m., and no one comes to meet 
them. The factory is emptied and relocated to a new location.
If they have not acted suspiciously, the characters are allowed 
to meet Hinderman. At 3 a.m., they are let in by the bartender 
and shown into the premises. Siegfried Hinderman waits near the 
back with four bodyguards (Guards). He rises and politely greets 
everyone (except any bodyguards). The bartender takes orders. 
Hinderman starts to small-talk about the weather and current 
political events until everyone has their drinks. He eventually 
changes the subject to more serious matters.
“I am naturally interested in who you represent,” Hinderman says. 
“I presume you are not here on private business.” He wants to 
know who they are working for, what they want to buy, what 
quantities they are dealing with, what price they can afford, how 
they want to pay, where the goods are to be sold, if this can be 
the beginning of a longer cooperation, and so forth.
If the characters pose as representatives for powerful interests 
looking for a long-term cooperation with Hinderman, they are 
allowed to view the drug production themselves. If they only 
want to buy a small quantity, Hinderman offers to deliver it to 
an address three days later. He does not reveal the production 
is going on right behind the café 
if the PCs do not expressly ask to 
look at it.
In that case, Hinderman guides them 
through the manufacturing premises 
and lets them meet the chemist in 
charge of the refining. Following the 
tour, they bid farewell. Hinderman 
remains extremely pleasant and polite. 
He suggests they have dinner at a 
restaurant called Pelican two days later 
to discuss the deal in greater detail.
If the characters have cooperated with 
the police, twenty policemen start their 
raid just as they leave the premises. Hind-
erman, six of his men, and the chemist are 
arrested.
Breaking in
If they do not pose as drug-buyers, the char-
acters can try sneaking into the factory. It is 
difficult as security is very tight. It is easiest 
early in the morning. They can check when the 
guards’ shift changes, and attempt their break-in 
after the new shift starts. In addition to the high 
levels of security, the café is located in the middle 
of a high-density residential area. Acts of violence, 
such as gunfire, draw police attention within five 
minutes.
Map & Floor Plans 
of Toxic Café
[1] Bar and Night Club: The bar is half a stair down 
from the street. There is no sign; the word “Toxic” 
is written in small, black letters on the bar’s front 
door. Inside, the furnishing consists of rectangular 
tables and simple chairs in black plastic and steel. 
The floor is black with a red circle, which marks 
the dance floor. The walls are painted black and 
decorated with mirrors. There are no windows. In 
one corner, there is a DJ booth. An indefinable smell 
hangs in the air. After a quarter-hour in the room, 
the characters feel quite relaxed. The air is laced with 
dust from the nearby drug production. If they have 
been there previously, the characters recognize some 
of the patrons from the Germanische Gemeinschaft’s 
pub. However, most of the guests at Toxic are more high 
class, relatively speaking. All are dressed in black, pri-
marily leather and latex. Everybody seems to know each 
other.
[2] Toilets: The blue flickering light is so intense, it is hard to 
see anything.
[3] Bar: The bartender is a skinny man, constantly smiling, 
mixing drinks and pouring beer. He wears grey leather 
overalls. He smiles and nods at anything, but does not 
share information freely. If the PCs study the bar for an 
extended time (1 to 2 hours), they can notice people using 
coded signals to buy drugs.
95
Toxic Café
4

[4] Inner Bar: Furnished with solid tables and chairs, this is a qui-
eter section of the bar. The same gang of unemployed Neo-Na-
zis are here every night involved in small talk. They know 
nothing useful to the characters. Tended by a sullen man, the 
small bar is only open on weekends when Toxic turns into a 
club.
[5] Kitchen: A dirty, cramped, and obsolete restaurant kitchen. 
The smell of fried sausages and scrambled eggs has perme-
ated into the walls. The tall, gloomy African cook works here 
ceaselessly making eggs and sausages. He speaks three Bantu 
languages, but very little German. He throws out all intruders 
from the kitchen, unless they have a good reason to be there.
[6] Cold Store: A cold storage containing eggs, sausages, pota-
toes, and cabbages. Heat-sensitive materials for the drug 
production are kept here as well.
[7] Guards: Two black tables with steel legs have been thrown 
into something that once was a dressing room. Wooden 
benches are scattered around, and hooks remain on the 
walls. There are now two Guards here, making sure that 
unauthorized personnel do not pass.
[8] Drug Production: A semi-modern chemical lab. In the mid-
dle of the floor there are four stainless tubs with bubbling 
contents. The floor and half the walls are tiled. Along the wall 
by the entrance there are small boxes of white powder.
The air feels heavy and hard to breathe. After a couple of min-
utes the player characters start feeling dizzy. A short and skinny 
man in a white robe is walking around and keeping an eye on 
the process. Swinging doors lead out to the bar on the right.
[9] Storage: Twenty one-kilogram bags of raw opium are 
hidden here, marked “Caxap” (Russian for “Sugar”). Several 
smaller cardboard boxes contain various chemical sub-
stances. The door is thick and double locked.
[10] Storage: The air is dense and sedating. The final products 
are stored here: white, plastic bags containing heroin, mor-
phine, and amphetamines. Combined, the drugs are worth 
20 million DM.
[11] Toilet.
[12] Office: A well-organized office with a large desk, personal 
computer, and laser printer. The bookcases are full of 
binders. There is a safe against the wall. The blinds are 
always down over the windows facing the street. Siegfried 
Hinderman sits in the office a few hours each week, usually 
Wednesday and Thursday. Otherwise, it remains empty. 
Nothing in the room can be traced back to Hinderman. He 
has assured his name is not recorded anywhere, not even 
in the files on his computer.
The Safe: An electronic safe cracker or explosives are required 
to open the door. Hinderman has the key. The safe contains 
200,000DM in small, unmarked bills.
96
Chapter 4 – German Autumn

[13] Inner Yard: A narrow stairwell leads up from the drug 
lab to the backyard, which is delineated from the street 
by a wooden fence. The gates are wide enough for a 
truck to drive through. The cement yard is empty, except 
for a shed in one corner. Other stores and an apartment 
building share the yard. Doors lead into each.
[14] Losman’s Pet Store: A quaint pet-shop owned by a mid-
dle-aged woman, who smiles charmingly. This is Mrs. Los-
man. While talking to the characters, she continually tries 
to foster off a stray dog for 10DM. She knows “Herr Hinder-
man” is producing drugs at the Toxic Café, but is not brave 
or stupid enough to tell anyone. She knows quite well how 
easily people disappear. If the characters come here asking 
questions, she informs Hinderman the same day.
[15] Eschergard’s Hair Dresser: Anton Eschergard does not 
know anything about the goings-on at Toxic Café. He 
has noticed trucks arrive at the inner yard and then get 
unloaded early in the morning; usually between 3 and 4 
a.m. It is a little strange, he points out. One night, a man 
he recognized as Siegfried Hinderman, the politician, was 
standing in the inner yard, talking with the café owners late 
at night. Anton saw the exchange from his window. The day 
after the characters talk to Eschergard, he vanishes – even-
tually being found floating in the Spree, inside several black 
plastic bags.
LEADS AT TOXIC CAFÉ
The Storage: Raw opium and chemicals worth approximately 20 
million DM are kept here.
The Office: The computer contains address lists for buyers and 
sellers. Germanische Gemeinschaft is recorded as a primary 
retailer, while Slava supplies most of the raw opium. Large sums 
of money from the drug production are sent to Slava. The charac-
ters recognize the account numbers from the accounting books 
of the weapon storage (p. 94). The safe holds a letter from General 
Strelkov, similar to the one found at Ernst Vogel’s apartment. It 
reads that Strelkov has taken over supreme command of Slava and 
is hoping that full cooperation continues without any troubles, just 
as before. The letter is addressed to “Management” at Toxic Café. 
Hinderman’s name is not mentioned anywhere. It ends with “I am 
looking forward to meeting you in person. I would appreciate meet-
ing with you, if you are traveling to Moscow sometime within the 
next weeks.” At the bottom, below the signature, is the same sign as 
the one they saw on the floor in Pogodin’s temple (see Chapter 1). 
Further 
Investigations 
in Germany
The characters can perform a cursory investigation of Slava from Ger-
many. A visit to the newspapers archives reveals Slava is a nationalistic 
Russian organization with strong military support. It is described as a 
mix of the right-wing extremists of Pamyat and the militaristic tradi-
tionalists around “The Black Colonel.” The movement has, according 
to Der Spiegel, more followers within the military and more political 
influence than most people imagine.
Contacts among Russians in Germany provides the characters 
the same information. Everyone knows at least something about 
Slava. If the characters know a Russian contact, they remember 
a “Colonel Leskov or something” figured as the movement’s leader 
a couple of years ago. If the characters can read Russian, they 
can look through Russian newspapers. Berlin’s city library has 
Russian-language newspapers from the last year. There is no 
clipping archive, but they can look through 
the latest issues.
They find no references to Slava, but 
discover something of interest in 
last week’s Pravda. Under the head-
line, “General Assumes Respon-
sibility for Missile Investigation,” 
there is a picture of a man called 
General Strelkov. The charac-
ters are in for a shock, as 
Strelkov perfectly resem-
bles one of the men 
who emerged from 
the bodies of the 
three Russians and 
gave the charac-
ters Chagidiel’s 
Mark. The arti-
cle discusses 
Strelkov, who’s 
assuming the 
leadership 
over an inves-
tigative com-
mission exam-
ining problems 
with dismantling 
nuclear missiles. 
The GM can also 
provide this infor-
mation through a 
news­paper stand 
or shop they visit. 
To dig up further 
information, the 
characters have to 
go to Moscow.
Siegfried 
Hinderman
97
Further Investigations in Germany
4

Chapter 5  
Mother Russia
T
he player characters (PCs)
have several leads pointing toward 
Moscow and an organization 
called Slava. The appearance of 
Slava’s new leader in connection 
with the events at Pogodin’s house 
should be of particular interest. 
Also, the three Russians 
appear to have had a 
close relation-
ship with 
Slava.
If the characters 
did not previously 
acquire a visa when 
visiting Leningrad in Chap-
ter 3 or purchase visas with new 
identities, then entering Russia requires 
they arrange for one. New visas typically take 
three days to process. With a 500DM bribe, the 
characters obtain their visa within one day. If a character 
has the Advantage Elite Education or Influential Friends, a 
connection of theirs helps arrange for a visa the same day.
If the characters still have warrants for their arrest, they must be careful 
while leaving the country. The easiest way to leave Germany is traveling through 
a poorly controlled border crossing, such as the bridge in Frankfurt an der Oder 
(see Chapter 2). Thousands of cars pass through it daily, most going unchecked. 
If they travel by plane or train, they run the risk of encountering police and/or 
98
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

Slava agents, as described above in the travel to Frankfurt (see 
Chapter 2). From Poland, they can take the train to Moscow.
If they are not wanted, their best choice is flying directly to 
Moscow. A plane leaves for Moscow every other hour, landing 
at the Domodedovo Airport. Buses leave the terminal for central 
Moscow, using the highway, at irregular times. Rows of pirate 
taxis are also available. The airport bus and taxis take the char-
acters to the ‘best’ hotel in Moscow: the Hotel Rossiya. A large 
tourist hotel, its lobby is filled with German electroengineers 
from a conference, making it easy for the characters to blend 
in with the crowd. The front desk informs them all the rooms 
have been booked, even if the characters have made previous 
arrangements. However, with some extra cash, a room miracu-
lously becomes available and they can check in.
The Characters 
in Moscow
Moscow, the capital of the crumbling Soviet Empire, seems 
to undergo massive changes on a daily basis. The failed coup 
d’etat in August by those trying to protect the old order has 
sped up these changes even further. The only certainty is the 
Soviet Union is breathing its last dying breaths. Many look to 
Lenin for consolation, lying there in his eternal sleep in the 
mausoleum on Red Square.
Moscow is troubled by a lack of supplies, political unrest, and 
a widespread distrust of the central government. Merchan-
dise does not reach stores. The queues are worse than ever, 
with people waiting all day only to discover supermarkets 
and shops offer nothing but row upon row of empty shelves. 
Foreign investments are starting to trickle in with the hope 
of upcoming reforms, but businesses are still organized 
around the government’s centrally-controlled industrial 
sector and suffer from poor shipment routines and little to no 
coordination.
Political freedom is more prevalent than a few years ago. 
People talk unreservedly about politics and economy in the 
streets, with friends and strangers alike. Everyone is com-
plaining about the current state of things. Despite this growing 
openness, it is significantly more difficult to search for infor-
mation in Russia than in Germany. It is easier if the charac-
ters have contacts among journalists, diplomats, or native 
Russians to help them find their way around. Otherwise, they 
have to manage on their own.
Leningrad in Crisis
The characters immediately overhear Leningrad as being a 
major topic of discussion. Apparently, the city is suffering an 
epidemic of cholera and martial law has been declared. For-
eigners are not allowed into the city. It is briefly mentioned in 
the newspapers, but its importance is downplayed.
In truth, this is the Incarnate summoning Chagidiel’s Citadel 
into Leningrad. With his control over the military, General 
Strelkov has successfully declared martial law. The characters 
quickly learn entering Leningrad will be extremely difficult if 
they intend to travel there.
Slava
Slava as an organization is easy to locate: they are listed in 
the phonebook and everybody knows their palace is near the 
docks on the Moskva River. Soviet newspapers have not writ-
ten anything about Slava. Characters with police or govern-
ment contacts can learn quite a lot utilizing their network.
Outwardly, Slava is a traditional organization supporting the 
central government and the old communist power struc-
ture. However, most people know the organization actually 
wants to introduce a true military regime. Tsarists are heavily 
connected to the group. Exiled nobles filter funds into the 
organization, supporting its plans for a rebirth of Tsardom. 
Slava’s program is obviously reactionary. In a state run by 
the organization’s ideals, non-Russians, homosexuals, and 
other unwanted elements would be refused citizenship. The 
organization’s connections with the army are obvious, most 
of its membership are military.
In addition, the Moscow police know Slava has links to 
organized crime. They suspect large gangs are involved with 
the smuggling of stolen military equipment, but they cannot 
prove anything. The police know the organization is sup-
ported by the military’s highest echelons, including an Air 
Force general called Strelkov.
Gamemaster’s Background
Slava grew up from the Soviet Union’s political meltdown 
during the 1980s. The organization itself was born out of the 
nationalist groups in Moscow and Leningrad in the 1970s. 
At first, it only consisted of small cells discussing politics 
and longing to recapture the good old days. Their influence 
expanded as the political climate became more favorable. 
In the mid-1980s, soldiers returning from Afghanistan and 
hardline military officers displeased with Russia’s dimin-
ished defense joined the organization, increasing it milita-
ristic tendencies. Slava financed its activities with business 
from the black market economy. With their allegiance to 
the mother country strengthened, the organization started 
actively working towards separating Russia from the rest 
of the Soviet Union.
During the 1980s, the organization was led by Roman 
Leskov, a colonel in the Soviet Air Force. Slava’s leadership 
moved to an Air Force base outside Moscow where Leskov 
and his colleagues worked. By the end of the 1980s, the 
organization had a firm grip over much of Russia’s mili-
tary. Russian soldiers built up Slava in East Germany. In 
secrecy, they started cooperating with German national-
ists from Germanische Gemeinschaft.
During a test flight in 1988, Colonel Roman Leskov expe-
rienced something that would change his entire world-
view. His airplane left our world and flew into Chagidiel’s 
Inferno. There, Leskov was transformed into one of 
Chagidiel’s servants. Although he appeared human when 
he returned, he obeyed the Death Angel unquestioningly.
Roman Leskov made sure that Slava developed their 
connections with Germanische Gemeinschaft and the 
Slavic Association in Berlin. The organization flourished 
more than ever. They acquired hard currency by selling 
99
The Characters in Moscow
5

weapons to the West through Germanische Gemeinschaft. 
The money was used to bribe military units and increase their 
control of Russia’s black market. Slava also became a major 
distributor of opium and hashish between eastern Russia and 
Germany, where Germanische Gemeinschaft refined the raw 
materials and sold the product.
After 1988, Leskov claimed he was not Slava’s senior com-
mander. Instead, a “shadow general” made the real decisions. 
In 1991, the “shadow general” appeared in the form of General 
Strelkov, Chagidiel’s Incarnate. Roman Leskov passed his lead-
ership to Strelkov, who began purges of the whole organiza-
tion. Moderate members were kicked out while young, obe-
dient officers were promoted. Strelkov summoned creatures 
from Inferno to control the members. The organization’s use 
of fear of punishment and terror increased more than ever. 
Anyone foolish enough to leave Slava or complain about 
the new order disappeared, only to be later found brutally 
tortured to death.
Slava 1991
Purpose and Ideology: Slava desires to recreate Russia’s 
Tsarist hierarchy, separate Russia from the Soviet Union, 
and increase the military’s influence. The organization 
believes the current economic reforms will turn Russia into 
an underdeveloped country, and only the military has the 
power to prevent chaos. Chagidiel’s influence lays behind 
this ideology. After General Strelkov assumes leadership, he 
purposely drives Slava toward launching a military coup. He 
aims to seize control over large areas of the former Soviet 
Union, using the weapon reserves and forces available to 
him in Russia. Strelkov expects large portions of the military 
to confront him, resulting is a devastating civil war. Chagi-
diel’s new power can increase from this.
Size: Slava has hundreds of thousands of sympathizers in 
the Russian military. There are approximately 500 active 
members in Moscow. There are tens of thousands situated 
throughout the rest of the country.
Organization: Slava is controlled from the top-down. At 
first led by Colonel Leskov, the role has been assumed by 
General Strelkov. Below them, the entire Slava organiza-
tion is built on a military model. Officer titles denote the 
members’ ranks within the organization.
Leaders: Colonel Roman Leskov still holds great influence 
within the organization. He is stationed at Air Force Base 
F3. General Strelkov can be found most often at the mis-
sile base outside Moscow.
Members: Some of Slava’s original membership remains, 
fanatical patriots from every class of society and people 
who claim to be of noble heritage. While most mem-
bers in Moscow are civilians, Slava is an almost entirely 
military organization.
Resources: Slava controls large parts of the Red Army 
and has access to even larger quantities of military 
weapons. The organization has vast resources at its dis-
posal, and even the KGB does not dare confront them 
openly.
Geographical Distribution: The leaders are concen-
trated in the areas surrounding Moscow, but the organi-
zation can be found throughout all of Russia.
Premises: The official headquarters is in Moscow, in an old 
palace which hosts a military research foundation. The foun-
dation has been incorporated into Slava. Everyone recognizes 
Air Force Base F3 as a secondary headquarters, overseen by 
Colonel Leskov.
Methods: Slava’s methods became significantly more violent 
after General Strelkov assumed leadership. Earlier, they sim-
ply threatened or harassed the organization’s enemies. Now, 
there are occurrences of extreme torture, disappearances, and 
grotesque murders.
Non-human Connections: The organization is increasingly 
controlled directly by Chagidiel. Creatures from Inferno can be 
found working at several levels within Slava.
Openness: Slava’s official headquarters in Moscow is open. 
It portrays itself as a nationalistic, traditionalist organization. 
For obvious reasons, the military branch remains hidden and 
closed, but its large size makes it fairly easy to infiltrate.
Connection to other Groups: Since a few years back, Slava 
has maintained close ties to Germanische Gemeinschaft in Ber-
lin. The organization also has contacts with several pro-Russian 
associations, as well as foreign nationalistic movements.
Enemies: The KGB has worked against Slava for several years, 
out of fear of a military coup. The Russian military intelligence 
agency, GRU, worries about the organization’s growth. How-
ever, as many GRU officers are suspected Slava members, the 
agency’s investigations are conducted carefully.
General 
Strelkov
Searching Russian newspapers from previous weeks provides 
an abundance of information regarding General Strelkov. He is 
a colonel general in the Soviet Air Force, and lead commander 
for the air force’s Defense Area 4, located northeast of Moscow. 
He is frequently in the press due to his involvement with an 
ongoing investigation of the Soviet air defense, specifically 
about problems with the disposal of missiles and social issues 
with troops returning from Eastern Europe.
The PCs quickly notice there are no articles about Strelkov 
prior to the events in Pogodin’s house, when the Incarnates 
were freed. Indeed, they cannot find any physical evidence he 
existed before the deaths of the three Russians.
Despite this, no one seems to question Strelkov’s authority or 
existence. If the characters have contacts with high-ranking offi-
cers, they soon notice everyone holds a different opinion about 
his past. One says he attended military academy in Kiev in the 
1960s, another decisively says he came from Georgia and was 
educated in Moscow. A third claims he was stationed in Siberia 
in the 1960s. Several believe Strelkov recently returned from 
duty as commanding officer over Soviet troops in Bulgaria, 
while yet others say he has been in the Baltic States for most of 
the 1980s. The characters are unable to locate where Strelkov 
is currently stationed, only he is responsible for Defense Area 4 
– Central Russia around Moscow. No one, not even within the 
military administration, knows where he is.
100
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

A Lictor 
from the KGB
While the characters are checking up Slava, they are being 
observed by Colonel Zoya Selivanova of the KGB and one of 
Binah’s lictors. Having received word from Chezenko about 
what the characters are doing, Selivanova decides to utilize 
them. She can contact them before they visit Slava or directly 
thereafter. While they are out in the city, they bump into a 
woman, who places a note into a character’s hand, preferably 
one who does not have Chagidiel’s Mark. Before they can ask 
her what she is doing or see where she is going, the nondescript 
woman has already disappeared. Written in Latin script, the 
small note reads, “Sokol pivnaya, Tolstogo Alekseya 23.”
With the aide of the tourist map, they soon find an 
address in central Moscow. Sokol Pivnaya is an 
unusually dirty beer hall, full of factory workers 
standing by tall tables or sitting against 
the wall. When the characters arrive, 
a large unshaven man rises and 
enthusiastically greets them, 
first in Russian, then in German. 
He buys them each a beer and 
explains his friend wants to see 
them. The friend has some informa-
tion they are likely interested in. 
“You won’t be disappointed. A car 
will pick you up at the Mayakovsky 
Square tonight at seven.” He downs 
his beer and leaves.
At seven o’clock, two unmarked 
sedans pull up in front of the 
characters at Mayakovsky Square. 
They are driven by large, quiet 
men who are obviously some sort 
of bodyguards or policemen. In 
broken English, they tell the characters 
to jump in. Once inside, they drive off for 
the suburbs. If the characters refuse to come to 
the meeting place, they are picked up discretely 
elsewhere, taken by force if necessary.
After half an hour, the characters have no clue 
where they are. It is starting to get dark. The cars 
finally stop in front of a plain office building in the sub-
urbs. The characters are led in through the gate and up two stairs 
to an office. If they can read Russian, a sign in the stairwell says, 
“Western Forest Sleep Products.”
They are led into a sleazy office with shuttered blinds. A short, tan 
woman in a heavy overcoat sits behind a desk. She is in her 50s 
and her hair is almost white. A desk lamp casts a ghostly sheen 
over the room. The men close the door behind the characters.
The characters with Chagidiel’s Mark do not see a human woman. 
Instead, they see a grotesquely swollen lictor, which looks much 
like Ivan Chezenko. Although the lictor is somewhat smaller in size, 
the characters are unlikely to notice such details. The characters 
must roll for Keep it Together in order to avoid shock. The 
lictor smiles a little when it notices their terrified faces.
“I am Zoya Selivanova of the KGB’s Internal Affairs unit,” the 
lictor says, offering cigarettes to the player characters. “I have 
spoken with Ivan Chezenko. He explained your relationship to the 
recently arrived General Strelkov.”
The lictor leans back and takes a deep drag from her ciga-
rette. “I presume you are here trying to fix your mistake. We at 
the KGB have investigated Slava. They have close connections 
with Strelkov. I believe Slava is an excellent place to begin 
sorting out this mess. But, it is your duty to handle Strelkov. After 
all, it is you who caused this situation. God only knows where 
we will end up, if nothing is done about him. I am prepared to 
help you, but this is a highly sensitive matter for the KGB to get 
involved with. Slava is well connected with the military, and we 
don’t want to end up colliding with the generals. They’re 
expecting we will do something brash, so they will have 
an excuse to take us down first. We need physical 
evidence in order to act decisively, and you 
are going to provide that evidence for 
us. Have you been to Slava in Moscow 
to look around yet? If not, do so. We 
can help you get in.”
Selivanova explains she can help 
them infiltrate Slava. She can 
provide them with papers show-
ing they belong to Germanische 
Gemeinschaft or another orga-
nization Slava has contacts with. 
It is sufficient for them to talk to 
people inside the organization. 
After the conversation, she shakes 
hands with the characters and 
they are driven back to Maya-
kovsky Square.
Infiltration 
of Slava
With Selivanova’s help, the characters are able to 
infiltrate Slava. The day after the conversation with 
the lictor, a messenger arrives with ID cards and files for 
their false identities. The characters’ new identities are 
members of either Germanische Gemeinschaft, the French 
National Front, the Sweden Democrats, or another right-
wing extremist organization. Selivanova explains in a letter 
that an introduction has been sent to Fyodor Gregoritch 
at Slava. He is expecting the characters in his office at 
Slava tomorrow morning at nine. The letter also includes 
Selivanova’s private contact information, so the PCs can 
call her. If they call and explain they want to meet her, they 
are picked up and driven to another discreet office in the 
suburbs, a different office each time.
101
A Lictor from the KGB
5

The characters should devote their free time to reading up 
on their false identities and memorizing the basic informa-
tion about the organization they’re claiming to represent. 
With the gamemaster’s (GMs) guidance, the players should 
work together to develop suitable identities, as well as 
outline their organization’s people, places, and purpose. This 
will help their characters act believably.
GM Note: The GM must assure the PCs encounter Nigel Har-
combe at some point during their investigation of Slava. Even if 
they sneak in, rather than infiltrating, they can still meet him in 
the laboratory. If they only visit the expedition, they meet him 
there–if only in passing. Nigel must see the characters in order 
to notify Chagidiel they are in Moscow.
Slava’s premises are located in an old palace in central Mos-
cow, situated by the docks along the Moskva River. A copper 
plaque by the door reads, “Foundation for the Research of 
Wartime Trauma Disorders” and “The People’s Movement 
Slava.” A wide, marble stair leads up to the door. The façade 
is in good condition.
The house belongs to the Foundation for Research of War-
time Trauma Disorders, which officially follows the Red 
Army’s order. However, under Colonel Leskov’s leadership, 
the foundation has incorporated with Slava. To the building’s 
right lies the investigative unit of the Agricultural Department, 
a lowly, churning bureaucratic machine, which takes no 
notice of its surroundings. On the building’s left is the Geor-
gian School, a school for children of party officials from the 
southern republic areas.
The ground floor is used by Slava’s public branch. On the 
upper floor there are the remains of the organization for war 
psychology in the form of a research institute for brain wash-
ing. The research has become increasingly unpleasant since 
Strelkov got control of the organization.
During the day, there are people on both the house’s lower 
the upper floors. At night, there are only people on the upper 
floor: the captives and their wardens. Also at night, a guard 
armed with a Makarov patrols the building, making his rounds 
every other hour.
Meeting 
with Gregoritch
When the PCs arrive at Slava, they are met by the receptionist, 
Rosa. She asks them to have a seat and leaves to fetch Doctor 
Gregoritch. After a couple of minutes, she returns with Fyodor 
Gregoritch. He greets them politely, asks how their journey 
was, and offers them refreshments in the lunchroom. Over a 
cup of tea, Gregoritch politely inquires about their movement’s 
activities, their feelings on conditions in Western Europe, the 
availability and price of black market weapons, and other 
matters of interest.
If the characters have chosen an identity connected with 
Germanische Gemeinschaft, Gregoritch will comment on the 
windfall of funds the movement has just received from the 
Slavic Association. “Their strength has now become yours. Let us 
remember our fallen comrades when we celebrate our victory. For 
the endsieg, yes?”
If the characters chosen an identity connected with the French 
National Front, he will comment, “I am impressed by your 
founder’s bravery, to call the gas chambers ‘simply a detail of 
history’. It is actions like this that encourage people to chal-
lenge the politically correct and so-called ‘truths’ the estab-
lishment forces down their throats. Once the snowball starts 
rolling, it will only get bigger and bigger until…” he makes a 
smashing motion and smiles.
If the characters have chosen an identity connected with the 
Sweden Democrats, he comments, “My friends, through your 
tenacity you are changing the metapolitics in a country previ-
ously so dominated by our common enemy. I predict it won’t be 
long before you are the ones defining policy, forcing the other 
parties to adapt or risk be destroyed by a fearful populace. And 
then, well, then we will have truly won.” He leans back and 
sips on his tea.
Gregoritch also tells them a little about Slava’s current pur-
suits. “We have acquired influence within the Russian military 
recently. General Strelkov has taken up our cause, and soon 
enough we will have sympathizers in all the regiments across 
Russia. Everything will get sorted out.” He smiles meaningfully. 
If the characters inquire, he vaguely implies a military coup 
might be in the future, but does not say it directly.
Afterwards, Gregoritch shows the characters around the 
ground floor and introduces them to Bitov and Menshikov. 
He excuses himself shortly thereafter, claiming he has work 
to take care of. “But feel free to come around eight o’clock 
tonight. We’re having a small gathering here then, and you will 
get to meet the rest of the members,” he says.
Menshikov takes them out to lunch and continues to talk 
military history and different methods of training. Late into 
the afternoon, he bids the characters farewell, hoping to see 
them again later in the evening.
Dinner at Slava
At eight the same night, over fifty Members of Slava gather 
for an informal party in the common hall on the upper floor. 
They are served vodka, sandwiches, and various smoked and 
baked side dishes. Menshikov guides the PCs around, intro-
ducing them to numerous young men and women. Doctor 
Gregoritch joins them at the beginning, but excuses himself 
and disappears around 9:30 p.m. By ten o’clock, everybody is 
happily drunk. While the liquor does its work, the characters 
can easily extract information from the Slava members. They 
say Gregoritch appeared a couple of weeks ago, some weeks 
after the Incarnate was freed. At the same time Vsevolod Kus-
todiev, the person responsible for the research department, 
disappeared. “He’s in Kiev, I think,” someone says.
Everyone becomes nervous while they talk about Gregoritch. 
They say he is knowledgeable and has excellent connections, 
but is unpleasant and far too ruthless. “He has improved our 
contacts with the military. General Strelkov really started noticing 
about our cause after Gregoritch arrived,” someone says.
“Now, they have it in their heads we are going to involve ourselves 
in city planning as well. A lot of people have been sent to Lenin-
grad to demolish a residential area. Why are we involved in that 
kind of stuff?” says another.
No one knows anything more about the demolition project in 
Leningrad. “They have transferred people from army bases down 
there,” one says. “It’s probably for good publicity.”
102
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

An Unexpected Meeting
The dinner party also serves as an excellent opportunity to look 
around. By 10:30 p.m., everyone is so drunk they do not care 
what the PCs are doing. However, if they ask someone about the 
locked doors, they’re told no one is allowed in the restricted area.
If the characters break into the laboratory, they discover Fyodor 
Gregoritch and Nigel Harcombe fully occupied with the prisoner 
from Room 17 (see below). The prisoner is strapped to a bench 
with a powerful lamp pointed straight into his face. Gregoritch 
injects something in him, inciting a series of violent spasms and 
causing his skin to crack like parched earth. Within a couple of 
minutes, he is covered in blood and screaming, his cries muffled 
by the foam rubber wedged between his teeth.
If he notices the characters, Gregoritch pulls down his surgical 
mask and tells them to leave in an icy voice. If they refuse, he 
storms up to them and physically pushes them out, muttering 
about stupid drunks. If they attack him, he becomes surprised 
and furious, calling for the guards (as they’re drunk, it is unlikely 
they’ll respond).
On the other hand, Harcombe stares at the characters with inter-
est as they enter. He is dressed in leather pants and a white, silky 
shirt. He pays particularly close attention to the characters with 
Chagidiel’s Mark, who have unique auras. If they become vio-
lent or come too close, he immediately steps back. The air starts 
shimmering, and the characters see a concrete wall momentarily 
appear behind him. Then he simply disappears. GM Note: Harcombe 
uses the Lore of Time and Space to return to his temple.
If the characters do not act in a threatening manner, he tries to find 
out who they are. He approaches the characters with Chagidiel’s 
Mark, asking to look at the growth on their necks. After a brief exam-
ination, he asks if they’re aware they are carrying a Death Angel’s 
mark. “It is risky to bind oneself to a Death Angel. In the liberated Lenin-
grad, you shall become his slaves for all eternity. Do you understand that? 
When the disease kills you, he will come and collect you.”
If the characters ask about “the liberated Leningrad,” Harcombe 
starts laughing and says they will find out soon enough. As soon 
as he feels threatened, he steps back and magically returns to his 
temple (as above). The man on the bench is alive, but quickly loses 
consciousness. A character experienced in first aid or medicine who 
Investigates him realizes something in the substance Gregoritch 
injected contained a powerful anticoagulant. He requires immediate 
medical aid to prevent him from bleeding to death.
Floor Plans for 
Slava’s Headquarters
GROUND FLOOR
[1] Hall: The floor is made of marble and the ceiling is domed. Two 
large, oil paintings hang on the wall, depicting Russian field 
battles. Two stairways lead to the upper floor. They are roped off 
with signs reading, “Authorized Personnel Only.” Doors lead left 
and right. The left door has a glass window emblazoned with the 
word “Office,” while the one on the right is locked. Straight ahead, 
stairs lead up to a hall connecting to the lounge.
[2] Hall: The hall continues along and opens up into a large room. 
Two doors lead to the toilets and to the staff lunchroom.
[3] Lounge/Exhibition Hall: The floor is made of marble and the ceiling 
is a checkered pattern. Tall glass windows look out onto the veranda 
and garden. When the military foundation owned the house, the 
room was separated by screens and used as an office area. Now, 
Slava shows displays in the hall. One display is titled The Forgotten 
Crimes and details crimes committed during the October Revolu-
tion and the years that followed, focusing on those committed 
against the Russian nobility. Another exhibition is a patriotic 
tribute to the Red Army, in general, and the Soviet Air Force, 
in particular. Maps of Russia maps and patriotic pictures line 
the walls. A young man (Member of Slava) dressed in an aging, 
Russian uniform sits behind a table, handing out brochures. He 
maintains a signature list supporting Colonel Leskov’s candi-
dacy for president, as well as a collection box for war veterans.
[4] Reception: The entire interior remains as it was during the 
days of the military foundation. An old poster with showing 
a mid-air dogfight hangs on the wall. Rosa Demyanova, a 
woman in her mid-50s, sits behind a shabby desk and takes 
all enquiries about Slava. She is dressed in a pressed, uni-
form-like suit. Rosa can answer all questions regarding the 
organization’s official ideology and refers people to Artyom 
Bitov for more difficult questions.
[5] Office: This room contains a huge work table and two 
smaller desks with typewriters. Bookshelves with binders run 
along the walls. Newspaper clippings and pictures have been 
put up on the walls. Two young men work here on a mem-
bership index and as well as arranging foundation activities. 
They refer people to Rosa Demyanova for all questions. The 
binders contain Slava’s member registry. A character with 
knowledge in Russian can Investigate the binders, deter-
mining three-fourths of the members are soldiers. A large 
number of members are from Air Force Base F3, located 
outside Moscow, where virtually everyone belongs to Slava. 
Documents also reveal Vsevolod Kustodiev, Slava’s leader 
for its Moscow-based activities, has recently been replaced 
by Doctor Fyodor Gregoritch after ten years of service.
[6] Supplies: Storage room filled with office materials, extra 
typewriters, and broken chairs.
[7] Coat Room: Some coats and jackets hang here. Other-
wise, it is empty.
[8] Artyom Bitov’s Office: A modern office with two desks 
and electrical typewriters. Three overstuffed filing cabi-
nets stand in the corner. The walls are covered by photos 
of famous and obscure members of the Tsar’s family 
and Russian nobility. Against the back wall, there is a 
poster depicting the Tsar’s family tree. Slava’s secretary, 
Lieutenant Artyom Bitov, is a short and thickset man 
in his 50s. His secretary, a young man named Pavlov, 
has his desk next to the door. Bitov works here in the 
mornings from Monday to Thursday. He happily and 
enthusiastically discusses Russia’s return to greatness 
and the rebirth of Russian royalism. Bitov is currently 
working on tracing General Strelkov’s genealogy to a 
noble family near Smolensk. If the characters men-
tion Strelkov, he says his investigations will prove the 
General’s entitlement to an elevated status in Russia’s 
coming Tsardom. Bitov is actively tracing members 
of Russian nobility and lesser members of the Tsar’s 
family. The archives are filled with photocopies of 
birth certificates, name-change requests, microfilmed 
personal files ordered from abroad, and compila-
tions of different family trees.
103
Infiltration of Slava
5

[9] Archives: There are nine archive cabinets 
containing additional materials from 
Bitov’s investigation. A microfilm reader sits 
on the corner table. A bookshelf contains 
reference literature regarding genealogy 
and interpreting old handwritten texts.
[10] Lunch Room: Three coffee tables, an 
electric hot plate, and an old-fashioned 
samovar furnish the room. Oil paintings of 
Russian coats of arms decorate the walls. 
Two young men (Members of Slava) in 
old-fashioned uniforms usually sit here 
drinking tea, when they should be standing 
guard.
[11] Resting Room: Bitov sometimes sleeps 
here. The room’s furnishings are a narrow 
bench and a small table. Cartons of paper 
for the typewriters are stacked along one 
wall.
[12] Movie Lounge: Simple, wooden benches 
serve as seating for the organization’s 
small movie theatre. A canvas hangs above 
the elevated stage, which is also used for 
presentations or theater shows. The room 
is mostly used for showing documentaries.
[13] Toilets: Two toilets and washing room.
[14] Demjan Menshikov’s Office: An office 
containing a desk with typewriter, two 
filing cabinets, and shelves with binders 
along the wall. The walls are decorated 
with copper art depicting famous field 
battles and commercial posters from the 
Russian weapon industry. Menshikov is 
responsible for the paramilitary training of 
non-army Slava members. A former lieu-
tenant in the Red Army, he was discharged 
due to misdemeanors, all of which have 
been stricken from his military record. 
Tuesdays and Thursdays, he holds lectures 
in the conference room [16]. On other days, he is out drilling 
his protégés on a private property south of Moscow.
[15] Supply Room: The room is full of old, rolled-up maps and 
binders of aerial photographs. A model landscape with min-
iature tanks covers a large table. Menshikov stores supplies 
for his lectures here.
[16] Conference Room: The room is dominated by a large, 
round table, surrounded by twelve chairs. Bookcases of 
reference literature from the 1960s line the walls. A crystal 
chandelier hangs from the ceiling. The room is mainly used 
for Menshikov’s classes.
[17] Garden: The palace hosts a garden patch, barely main-
tained by a part-time gardener. Surrounded by figure-cut 
laurels, a dried-up pond fills the middle of the garden. A 
garden gate leads through the wall.
UPPER FLOOR
[1] Hall: Two young men (Members of Slava) in old-fashioned 
uniforms, armed with Makarovs and cavalry sabers, stand 
guard in the hall. They do not allow any unauthorized peo-
ple to pass. In case of trouble, they shout for the nearby 
guards (Members of Slava), who come to their aid. The two 
young men remain here from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.
[2] Balcony: The balcony overlooks the street and the docks. 
It’s an old and neglected construction, and does not look 
safe.
[3] Ballroom: Originally, this hall was a ballroom. Mirrors 
cover the walls from floor to ceiling. A huge crystal chan-
delier hangs from the middle of the ceiling. The floor is 
wood parquet. An open fireplace stands on each side of 
the entrance. Slava uses the room for parties and gather-
ings. Two long tables with twenty tall-backed chairs fill the 
middle of the hall.
104
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

[4] Balcony: The balcony overlooks the garden, and is in 
better condition than the one facing the street.
[5] Guard Room: The furnishing consists of two large tables 
with chairs, a tile oven, and three old bookcases with 
military manuals from the 1930s. Four Members of Slava 
guard Dr. Gregoritch’s test subjects from here. Guards are 
here around the clock and are relieved every eighth hour. A 
guard checks on the prisoners once an hour.
[6] Storage: Porcelain and tablecloths that are used in the 
ballroom are stacked on these shelves. Some ten extra 
chairs are stacked onto one another.
[7] Test Subject: The room’s door is reinforced and dou-
ble-locked. Doctor Gregoritch and the guards in Room 
5 have the key. The room contains two beds made with 
coarse blankets, and a small table. The walls are com-
pletely white. A naked lightbulb is the only light. On one 
bed, there is a young man dressed in grey wool trousers 
and an undershirt. His pupils are extremely dilated. He is 
obviously drugged. His head is shaved and marks from 
electrodes cover his entire body. He cannot answer any 
questions and can barely stand on his own.
[8] Test Subjects: The room’s door is reinforced and dou-
ble-locked. There are three beds, the walls are chalk-white, 
and a naked lightbulb hangs from the ceiling. There are 
two men here, both of them are shaved and have marks 
from electrodes and torture on their bodies. One of them 
is heavily sedated and lies on the bed. His injuries far 
exceed those his comrade. The other man is actually Dr. 
Gregoritch’s assistant, Valentin Ljubov (Medical Orderly), 
who is pretending to be experimented on, in order to 
secretly observe the real test subjects.
[9] Test Subjects: The door is reinforced and double-locked. 
There are two beds in the room. Its walls 
are chalked white and a naked lightbulb 
hangs from the ceiling. There are two 
test subjects here, a man and a woman 
dressed in grey wool clothes. Both are 
heavily sedated and bear marks of elec-
trodes and torture on their bodies.
[10] Ljubov’s Office: Valentin Ljubov’s 
office contains a desk and a typewriter 
against the far wall. Two bookcases 
are filled with psychiatric and medical 
literature. There are binders on a shelf, 
documenting more than two years of 
experimental tests, gauging reactions to 
different kinds of torture. The doors to the 
office are locked, requiring a successful 
Open Locked Doors roll. Ljubov has the 
keys. He’s taking part in an experiment 
and can be found in Room 8. There is a 
photograph of Ljubov on the wall, so the 
characters recognize him if and when they 
encounter him.
[11] Lounge: A low, round table surrounded by 
leather easy chairs is in the middle of the 
room. There are bookcases filled with old 
literature, which have stood here since the 
days of the military foundation. The room 
is seldom used and the door is locked, requiring a successful 
Open Locked Doors roll.
[12] Trophy Room: There are four glass cabinets filled with 
athletic trophies and military distinctions. Banners from 
regiments and framed paper-clippings about feats and 
distinctions line the walls. Most of the clippings and trophies 
are quite old, leftovers from the military foundation. A cabinet 
contains newer distinctions Slava members have received 
on different occasions. The characters also see a recent 
news clipping showing General Strelkov at Air Force Base F3, 
fastening an Excellence in Marksmanship medal on a young 
man’s chest. The characters recognize General Strelkov as the 
creature they released from the three Russians.
[13] Expedition: The room contains an empty reception counter 
and table, lying atop which are medical journals and a highly 
questionable article about the Foundation for Wartime 
Trauma Disorders. This is where Doctor Gregoritch accepts 
enquiries regarding Slava’s experimental activities.
[14] Fyodor Gregoritch’s Office: The name on the door has 
been covered with a new sign reading, Fyodor Gregoritch. 
If one lifts it up, they can see the previous name, Vsevolod 
Kustodiev; the manager General Strelkov removed to make 
way for Gregoritch. A large desk, a couple of easy chairs, and 
small table make up the furnishings. Along one wall, there 
is an elevated bunk bed, where patients can be strapped 
down. The walls are covered with bookcases.
A plethora of literature outlining brainwashing, torture, and 
interrogation can be found here. There are books, journals, and 
compendia in Russian, German, English, and French. Gregoritch 
works in his office or in the laboratory during office hours, 
between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. He often pulls all-nighters and sleeps 
on the bunk bed.
105
Infiltration of Slava
5

[15] Laboratory: Three bunkbeds like those in room 14 are lined 
against one wall. There are bookcases with binders, as well as a 
kitchen counter with cupboards and shelves, filled with chemical 
substances and lab equipment. The equipment includes autopsy 
instruments and torture devices matching those the characters 
found in Ernst Vogel’s room at the Germanische Gemeinschaft 
headquarters (see Chapter 4).
In a corner, there is a steel medicine cabinet which is double-locked, 
containing valuable and sensitive substances, as well as Gregoritch’s 
binders. Gregoritch has the keys. With a successful Open Locked 
Doors roll, characters can break into the cabinet. Next to the cabinet 
is a cupboard with sliding doors, which contains a plethora of mod-
ern medical equipment.
Binders: The binders contain documents detailing the experiments 
Gregoritch has performed since coming to Slava. These include 
pictures and thorough records of vicious torture, as well as photo-
graphs of the bodies of patients who died during the experiments.
[16] Cooler: Heat-sensitive substances are kept here. The farthest 
cooler contains a dismembered male body rolled up in plastic 
bags, showing signs of prolonged torture. Police forensics 
identify the man as Nikita Pavlov, an aspiring officer stationed 
at Air Force Base F3, outside of Moscow. He vanished without 
a trace two weeks ago. Zoya Selivanova can inform them 
he was one of KGB moles at the base – the last one who 
disappeared.
[17] Isolation: This 2 × 1 meter room is completely soundproof 
with padded walls. A young man lies in the fetal position, his 
head shaved and covered in electrode scars. He wears the 
same grey wool clothes.
[18] Laboratory: The room is dominated by a wheeled operating 
table with an advanced set-up of lamps of different color and 
intensity above. Along the walls, there are workbenches with 
surgical instruments and equipment for chemical analysis.
[19] Weapon storage: Slava stores a modest amount of weap-
ons here, as a safety measure in case they are attacked. 
The door is reinforced, requiring lockpicks or a crowbar 
to force open. Gregoritch and the lead guard have the 
keys. Two crates contain ten AKMs (assault rifles) with five 
magazines each. Another crate holds twelve hand grenades 
(explosives).
[20] Library: Bookcases with glass doors line the walls. One 
wall features an open fireplace with a boar’s head above it. 
The collections consists of old fiction and military history 
books. The most recent ones are from the 1960s. The room 
is hardly used by Slava; it’s a holdover from the days of the 
military research foundation.
[21] Toilet.
LEADS AT SLAVA
Member Registry: If the characters review the expedition’s 
membership registry, they see all the people at Air Force Base 
F3 are members of Slava. Someone at the party can also tell 
them the Air Force Base is the organization’s nerve center.
Bitov’s Genealogy Research: If the characters talk to Bitov 
regarding Strelkov’s heritage, he informs them he has been 
unable to track his past at all.
“It is difficult with our limited files. A lot is ruined, but I will 
succeed in the end,” Bitov says.
The Test Subjects: There 
are five test subjects locked up at Slava’s premises. Two 
of them are recruits, kidnapped from a military base 
outside Moscow. The other three are students who were 
promised money if they volunteered. Gregoritch has 
experimented with drugs and torture to see how fast he 
can achieve an effect resembling brainwashing. All of 
them are apathetic, confused, and claim they are Slava 
members who volunteered for the experiment. They do 
not give their names and refer to Doctor Gregoritch if 
asked about anything. They refuse to leave the prem-
ises of Slava willingly. If the characters explain what the 
experiments are for, they simply give vague and confused 
excuses.
Ljubov’s Documentation: The documentation of Ljubov’s 
experiments is sufficient enough for the KGB and police 
to collaborate in taking down Slava. Several records refer 
to test subjects who have been sent out as agents across 
Europe. Interpol lists several of these names as known 
terrorists.
Gregoritch’s Documentation: The documentation in 
Gregoritch’s binders and the prisoners are sufficient to hand 
him over to the police. The characters see several experi-
ments have been carried out at Air Force Base F3. Several 
experimental records are not signed by Gregoritch, but 
by Harcombe. In the documentation, there are also notes 
about three test subjects who have been “handed over to N. 
Harcombe after completing tests.” It is obviously regarding 
people who are still alive.
Gregoritch’s Address Book: Nigel Harcombe’s address 
and phone number can be found in this address book. The 
address is “Tractor Assembly, Korodskaya tractor factory, 
Korodskaya industrial area.”
Cooler: The body in the cold storage is one of Zoya Selivano-
va’s agents from Air Force Base F3.
Weaponry: With Selivanova’s help, the characters can deter-
mine the weapons originated from Air Force Base F3.
The Lictor’s 
Plans
The PCs are contacted by Selivanova the day after the events 
at Slava. If the characters hand over the information the KGB 
wanted, she is satisfied. “But it is General Strelkov we want to get. 
He’s a dangerous man. I suspect he has been staying at Air Force 
Base F3, abase a couple of miles north. He is the F3’s senior officer and 
has strong connections with Colonel Leskov, who manages the base 
operations. We have lost all contact with the base. All our moles have 
died or disappeared.”
If the characters found Nikita Pavlov’s remains in the Slava prem-
ises, Selivanova is even more convinced Air Force Base F3 is a 
central point for Strelkov’s activities. She explains that the KGB have 
had even more difficulty infiltrating the Air Force Base than getting 
into Slava. Unlike the civilian organization, Air Force Base F3 is 
military territory.
106
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

“­Normally, 
we cooperate with the military in these 
circumstances. We have several people in their administration. 
But three of my colleagues have disappeared in the last two 
weeks. Your friend Strelkov has a broad influence. I don’t dare 
trust such connections,” Selivanova says.
She wants the characters to investigate the base and 
acquire enough compromising evidence for the KGB to 
intervene.
“Also, Strelkov may be located on the base. I need you to be 
there when we find him. You and no one else. You set these 
events into motion. You have a long road to go before that 
debt is paid,” she says. Selivanova adds that she will call 
the characters regarding proper methods for getting into 
the base. They might infiltrate peacefully, but a comman-
do-style operation might be equally successful.
Nigel 
Harcombe
Nigel Harcombe belonged to the Slavic Association for 
years and was Filip Kramer’s close friend. He eluded 
his warrants in Western Europe by traveling to East 
Germany. After some time, even Germany became a 
hot zone for him. Since 1984, he has resided in Russia 
through bribes and contacts. He is completely occupied 
with his occult studies and remains outside normal 
society.
Despite his uncomfortable situation, Harcombe is one 
of Europe’s most influential Death Magicians. His writ-
ings are widespread, and he maintains correspondence 
with occultists worldwide. He is also a competent 
magician of Time and Space and moves unhindered 
over long distances.
Since Harcombe arrived in Russia, Chagidiel’s Incarnate 
Strelkov has become interested in him. The magician 
receives financial support from the military, and is 
preparing move to Chagidiel’s Inferno, or as he calls it, 
“the liberated Leningrad.”
After encountering the characters at Slava’s premises, 
Harcombe contacts General Strelkov and informs him 
of everything. The Incarnate is interested for obvious 
reasons. He cannot go after the characters himself, so 
orders Colonel Leskov and his men to bring them to 
Air Force Base F3. They can be interrogated there, and 
then brought to Strelkov at the missile base. Two days 
after the events at Slava, or when the characters have 
found out all they need to know, the military comes 
to pick them up (see below for details).
Nigel Harcombe’s residence is described below, in 
case the characters investigate it before Leskov’s men 
come to kidnap them. If the GM wishes to use this 
section, the military attack can be postponed until 
the ­characters have investigated Harcombe.
The ­characters 
can find Harcombe through the address 
Fyodor Gregoritch had, or through encountering them in the 
laboratory. If, with Selivanova’s help, they search through the 
police registry, the characters find a picture of him. They identify 
him as Eric Lessner, wanted in connection with kidnapping. 
Selivanova tells them Lessner is staying at an industrial area 
outside Moscow.
“He has some sort of cult under his control. We’ve had our eyes on 
him for a while, but there never seemed to be any criminal activity 
going on there,” Selivanova says.
Nigel Harcombe’s bloody rituals require quiet, undisturbed sur-
roundings. As such he and his sect have settled in an old indus-
trial area, which stretches out over Korodskaya, located outside 
of Moscow. Korodskaya can be reached via local trains and 
buses, or by car along highway M1 (roughly 30 minutes from 
central Moscow). The actual industrial area spans a couple of 
square kilometers and is bisected by four roads. Harcombe and 
his sect are located in the assembly workshop of a large tractor 
factory. No signs indicate where the tractor assembly is, so it 
takes characters some time to find their way there. The entire 
factory complex has been abandoned since the early 1980s. 
According to city plans, the area is to be torn down to make 
way for housing, but the project is unfunded and demolition 
has not begun. Most people avoid the old tractor factory, and 
Harcombe has bribed police to stay away.
Harcombe’s Russian novices live in Moscow and come out to 
the factory to perform rituals and to study. Eight of the sect 
members are non-Russians, western Europeans who’ve fled 
from the law together with Harcombe. They live in the aban-
doned factory itself and have turned entire sections of its 
buildings into their temples and homes.
Map of 
Harcombe’s Residence
[1] Gates: There are remote-controlled gates in the 4-meter 
tall, barb wired fence, which surrounds the area. The 
gates are electronically locked and are opened from 
the sentry room [2].
[2] Sentry Room: When the sect is preparing sacrificial 
ceremonies, expecting visitors, or fear police interven-
tion, there is a guard (Harcombe’s Novice) posted here. 
Otherwise, it is empty.
[3] Bedroom: An old office which has been turned into 
a bedroom by sect members. A man and a woman 
(Harcombe’s Novices), both in their mid-30s, live here. 
Two beds stand against one wall. The couple are 
here between 3 and 10 a.m.
[4] Bedroom: The office has been turned into a bed-
room for two men (Harcombe’s Novices).
[5] Kitchen: An old-fashioned kitchen with a 
wood-burning stove, but lacking a refrigerator or 
freezer. Dirty dishes are on the counter and grocer-
ies in a cupboard. The communal kitchen is used by 
the sect members.
107
Nigel Harcombe
5

[6] Bedroom: Office turned into a bedroom for one man and three 
women (Harcombe’s Novices). Four beds and a small table can 
be found in the room. The inhabitants are here from 3 to 10 a.m.
[7] Dining Room: Previously a staff lunchroom for the factory, the 
sect members now eat here. Two tables with chairs furnish the 
room.
[8] Storage: Crates of rusting machine parts line the storage 
shelves. Two half-rusted trucks are parked against one wall. 
Their engines have corroded, leaking battery acid. There is no 
one here.
[9] Assembly Room: Originally, this area was where tractor 
engines were put together. The 
assembly line and accompanying 
workstations still wind throughout 
the room. Now the machines are rust-
ing where they stand, the lifts having 
long since been removed. A pathway 
along the floor has been swept clean, 
but a thick layer of dust coats the rest 
of the hall.
[10] Harcombe’s Bedroom: Originally a 
break room for workers, Harcombe 
has renovated it into a bedroom with 
a comfortable bed, small table, and 
bureau. The walls are painted white. 
The professional decoration makes 
difficult to believe this was once part 
of the crumbling factory. Harcombe 
is here between 3 and 10 a.m.
[11] Kitchen: As with his bedroom, 
Harcombe has professionally mod-
ernized this former lunchroom, 
furnishing it with a kitchen table and 
microwave oven.
[12] Work Room: An old office reno-
vated into a workroom. A large 
desk covered with papers takes up 
most of the room. Bookcases line 
the walls, filled with occult writings 
of all kinds. Harcombe stores parts 
of his work library here. The most 
valuable volumes are safely kept 
in a bank vault. Amongst the piles 
of paper, there are five letters from 
Filip Kramer regarding magical 
rituals. Postmarked from Berlin, 
two of the letters discuss the same 
ritual the characters conducted, 
releasing the Death Angel’s three 
Incarnates. Harcombe has scrib-
bled “Chagidiel” in the margin of 
one of these letters. Another letter 
comes from Fyodor Gregoritch 
in Moscow, explaining how he is 
now an acting manager for Slava’s 
research institute.
A book titled Russia’s Guardian Angel is 
lying on the desk. Among its countless 
factual errors, the books describes an 
“archangel or other heavenly creature” incarnated into a 
child and vanquishing an archdemon, which threatened 
to manifest its full power and bring its hell to Earth. This 
event supposedly happened in Leningrad during the 
March/April of 1942. The author, Demonov, claims to have 
received this information from a reliable source, an elderly 
icon painter who witnessed the events. Underlined with 
red ink is the sentence, “The incarnation occurred in the 
ancient Kaptyeno Cathedral, which has been empty since 
the last century.” Harcombe is most likely not here when 
the characters arrive, his Time and Space magic remains 
active and he is currently far beyond the characters’ reach.
108
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

[13] Temple: Locked steel doors lead into the temple. Harcombe’s 
temple is reminiscent of the one the characters encountered 
at Sasha Pogodin’s mansion (see Chapter 1). The concrete floor 
has been carefully smoothed. Engraved signs, inlaid with 
silver and copper, cover the floor, walls, and ceiling. However, 
the typical symbol which frequently reoccurred in Pogodin’s 
temple is absent here. Instead, there are a number of different 
symbols, which are all interwoven. In the middle of the room, 
there is an altar made of black stone. The cabinet against 
the wall contains magical tools, antique objects of silver and 
copper. Despite repeated washings, the floor and walls are 
stained a faded brown with blood.
[14] Study: Originally, the room hosted a fine mechanical work-
shop. The machines have since been dismantled and thrown 
out in the yard. Instead, there are simple tables and chairs 
placed around the room. Shelves of books run along the wall. 
A blackboard fills one wall. Three electrical typewriters are 
placed on the tables. Harcombe teaches his followers here. 
During the day, there are four sect members studying here.
[15] Storage: Harcombe’s car, an old Volvo 240, is parked here, 
as is a white van the sect uses for transporting things and 
kidnap victims. A selection of car license plates are kept in a 
box on the bench. Otherwise, the storage shelves are filled 
with boxes of rusty machine parts. A steel gate, padlocked 
from the inside, leads to the street.
[16] Storage and Junkyard: The yard was originally used as 
storage space when the factory was in operation. Harcombe 
has moved all the superfluous machinery and equipment 
here, piled up in rusty heaps. Outside the storage room gate, 
there is an open area of blackened earth. If the characters 
dig here, they discover the bodies of 22 people, all in various 
degrees of decay. None of the bodies have been here for 
longer than two years.
A Sudden 
Awakening
Harcombe informs Chagidiel’s Incarnate the PCs are in Moscow. 
If, for some reason, they did not encounter Harcombe at Slava, 
the GM can introduce him under some other circumstance. He 
receives orders from Strelkov to bring in the characters to Air 
Force Base F3, alive. Two days after the Slava meeting or once 
the characters have completed their Moscow investigation, Col-
onel Leskov strikes. Taking no chances, he sends out two trucks 
with forty Soldiers to Hotel Rossiya at 4 a.m. They pour into the 
building, covering all exits, and explain to the hotel manager 
there are suspected terrorists in the building. If the characters 
are anywhere else, the soldiers locate them and capture them in 
similar fashion.
No one in Moscow questions such matters. Even the hotel man-
ager asks they only be quiet as possible to avoid waking the 
other guests. The characters awake to knocking on their door. 
There are six Soldiers outside, more guards posted further 
away with assault rifles at the ready.
Nigel 
Harcombe
109
A Sudden Awakening
5

The young soldier leading the group says, “I am Lieutenant 
Timonov of the Red Army. I have orders to bring you to Colonel Leskov 
for interrogation. Please follow.”
If the characters do not understand, he switches to broken 
English. If they try to defend themselves, the soldiers shoot at 
their legs to bring them down. If gunfire erupts, all the doors 
in the hall open and curious faces peer out, only to disappear 
rapidly again. If, against all odds, the characters escape, a man-
hunt sweeps throughout Moscow to find them. Sooner or later, 
they are captured and brought to the Air Force Base. They are 
searched, cuffed, and thrown into the one of the soldiers’ trucks. 
The search is not particularly thorough, however. The soldiers 
find any obvious weapons, but if someone hides small weap-
ons or lock-picks, the soldiers are unlikely to discover them.
The characters are driven away from Moscow, crammed 
between armed soldiers. The vehicle drive north for an hour 
or so, before turning off onto a smaller road, heading into the 
forest. They pass through a gate and by two guard stations 
before finally arriving at the actual base.
Air Force Base F3
The base lies roughly 60 kilometers north of Moscow. An 
unmarked exit from the road between Moscow and Dmitrov 
leads through the forested area around the base. After 2 
kilometers, a guard post blocks the road, preventing unau-
thorized vehicles from proceeding. Two kilometers beyond 
this, another gate leads through the base’s outer fence. The 
trucks drive through camp areas, crossing runways, passing 
hangars where technicians are working on MiG-29s, until 
finally descending a ramp into an underground hangar. 
Lieutenant Timonov and six men escort the characters from 
the trucks to an elevator at the hangar’s far end.
The elevator descends into the mountain, eventually 
opening onto long corridors leading them 100 meters to a 
solid steel door. Beyond the door, they arrive at a prison 
unit with seven small cells. Timonov makes certain the 
characters are locked up securely. He gives some orders 
in Russian to two of his men and leaves.
After the characters have spent two hours in the cells, 
Timonov returns with six men (Soldiers) and Colonel 
Leskov. The characters are lead from their cells and then 
interrogated one by one by Colonel Leskov, who wants 
to know their plans and why they are investigating Slava 
and Strelkov’s business. He tries to pry out how much 
they know about Strelkov’s true nature and Chagidiel’s 
plans. Anyone who doesn’t answer quickly receives a 
few punches. Leskov is satisfied after an hour of inter-
rogation. “We’ll send them to the General with the next 
shipment,” he says in Russian. He leaves with the lieu-
tenant, leaving the two guards behind.
Different  
Possibilities of Escape
Despite the apparent security, escaping the prison is 
not particularly difficult. The two guards (Soldiers )are 
bored and inattentive, chain-smoking and talking, their 
weapons slung over their shoulders. They can be easily dis-
tracted and PCs confident in their fighting abilities have a good 
chance of incapacitating them. They are not prepared to fight, 
accustomed to more docile prisoners. Characters who are 
more socially inclined may also be able to convince the guards 
to free them with offers of bribes. The cell doors are difficult to 
open from the inside, the exterior lock is just out of reach.
If the characters have a hard time escaping the cells, the GM 
can assist them by introducing one of the KGB moles who has 
avoided the base’s personnel purges. Lieutenant Ilya Topov is 
a Special Forces commander and works in the central com-
mand. He notices when the characters are brought in and 
sneaks down to free them. The characters can then investigate 
the base with Topov, or get out. Later, he can work together 
with the characters to infiltrate Strelkov’s missile base. If 
required, Topov can enlist several commandos to accompany 
them in this assault (see The Fall of the Incarnate).
No matter how they escape, the characters can quickly inves-
tigate the base. Being in the middle of the base, this is an 
excellent opportunity to look around.
Characters have a chance to blend in, even if they do not 
know the language, as several of the soldiers in the base have 
been stationed in East German military installations, and sev-
eral others are of German descent and speak little to no Rus-
sian. However, four hours after their escape, the relief guards 
discover the characters missing and the alarms go off. Soldiers 
comb the entire base, hunting for the characters. If they suc-
cessfully broke out of central command, there is a fairly low 
risk they are found. If they are underground, the characters 
must frequently hide to evade their pursuers. The soldiers are 
apathetic, so it is not difficult to escape. If the characters are 
caught again, the surveillance is considerably increased. After 
two days, they are loaded into a truck and driven to Missile 
Base M13.
The characters should have a reasonable chance to escape 
while on their way to the base. If they cannot do that, the GM 
can have KGB Commandos free them before they reach the 
missile base if they choose. Informed by Topov, Selivanova has 
discovered what happened to them and does not want them 
to fall Chagidiel’s hands. She suspects the Death Angel can use 
of them in some way or another.
Map of Air Force Base F3
[1] Entrance: Four Soldiers are in the guard booth by the gate. 
They have radio contact with the base. The road goes 
through the gate, past a 20-meter wide minefield to the 
inner gates, which are opened by two guards. The road 
leads to a small forested area and branches off to the 
camps, flight control, and administration. A minefield and 
double gate surround the entire base. The mines are pres-
sure-triggered antipersonnel mines placed in star-shaped 
patterns 2 to 3 meters apart. The outer fence is a 3-meter-
tall steel fence with barbed wire on the top. The inner fence 
is 4 meters tall and alarmed. Anyone touching the fence for 
more than five seconds triggers an alarm inside the base’s 
guard booths and central command. Within 5 to 15 min-
utes, guards arrive to investigate. The road passes through 
the double gates and into the base complex. Landing strips 
can be glimpsed between the trees. Bunkers with aging air 
defense systems are positioned across the landscape.
110
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

[2] Administration and Outer Central Command: The two 
story, administration building is a restored farmhouse, 
now used by the military. Adjacent to the wooden building 
are two modern barracks. The base’s central command 
was located here during peacetime. After Slava took over, 
it was moved into the underground bunkers [11]. Now, only 
part of the administrative and maintenance staff remain in 
the house.
On the ground floor, there is an office with two clerks and Lieu-
tenant Yesenin, who is responsible for the paperwork. Colonel 
Leskov also has an office here, which he occupies when his 
superiors are inspecting the base. One of the barracks is used 
as a mess hall and gathering room for the officers. The other 
functions as an office building and guard post for the military 
police, who patrol the area regularly.
[3] Camps: A collection of troop barracks, supply buildings, 
and a mess hall are grouped by the end of the road. There 
are roughly 1,500 Soldiers stationed here. Two guards 
regularly patrol the area.
111
Air Force Base F3
5

[4] Armory: These three sheet metal sheds contain all 
the weapons not handled personally by the soldiers. 
Records in the administrative building [2] and lists in 
each storage area document the proper inventory. 
According to the records, each shed should contain 
2,000 AKMs (assault rifles) with ammunition, 100 
Makarovs (handguns) with ammunition, 200 cases of 
ammunition, 50 anti-aircraft missiles, and 50 grenade 
launchers, as well as spare parts for the anti-aircraft 
artillery. A cursory inspection reveals much of the 
inventory is missing; only half of the AKMs remain, 
many replaced with outdated AK-47s. Clumsy changes 
have been made to the inventory lists. Fifty cases of 
ammunition and most of the anti-aircraft missiles are 
also missing. The supplies are secured by two guards 
(Soldiers) with dogs (Dobermans).
The inventory list: Checking the weapons’ serial numbers 
confirms most of the weapons found at Harman’s Mechani-
cal in Berlin originate from here.
[5] Service Area: The service area consists of a garage 
and simple mechanical workshop. Service vehicles and 
two tanker trucks are parked here. Service staff regu-
larly walk around here at daytime. At nighttime, each 
hangar is patrolled by four guard dogs (Dobermans).
[6] Hangars: There are twelve MiG-29s stationed in each 
hangar. There are service depots, tanking areas, and 
equipment for maintaining the planes. There is no 
armaments stored in the hangars; this is kept in the 
underground hangars and only brought up when 
the planes are being armed. Generally, fifteen service 
technicians and a couple of pilots are in each hangar. 
Four jeeps are parked between the hangars as well 
as two gas-tankers. Three MiG-29s are parked outside 
the hangars, currently being serviced.
[7] Underground Hangars: Cut into the mountain, these 
two hangars each contain twelve MiG-29s. Concrete 
ramps lead down from the runways to their interiors. 
Large steel doors form the entrance to each han-
gars. They remain open while the planes are being 
tested, which lasts for a couple hours every day. Two 
smaller doors are built into each of the larger hangar 
doors. Two guards stand watch over the entrance, 
and have the keys to the smaller doors.
All the planes are in the hangars. Fans drone slowly in 
the ceiling. It is dusty and quite dark. Service vehicles, 
lifting devices, and service brigs are idling. In the middle 
of the hall, two massive elevators lead down to supply 
rooms beneath the hangar, where armaments and spare 
parts are stored. At the hanger’s farthest end, a freight 
elevator and passenger elevator descend to central 
command. The elevators are electronically locked, and 
all hangar officers have keys. A character without a key 
but with knowledge of electronics can gain access to 
the elevators with a successful Act Under Pressure. The 
elevators descend beyond central command to storage 
and prison cells – where the characters are taken (see 
above). During the day, there are fifteen engineers and 
two or three pilots working in the hangar. At night, four 
guard dogs patrol the area (Dobermans).
[8] Emergency: A grey, two-story brick house with large doors 
for emergency vehicles. There are two fire trucks and four 
smaller vehicles. Ten firemen are constantly stationed here.
[9] Fuel Depot: An underground fuel depot is cordoned off 
with an alarmed fence with barbed wire on top. By the gate, 
there is a guard post where two Soldiers are stationed. A 
small road leads up to the depot. The fuel is pumped to the 
hangers via underground pipes, but can also be collected 
here with a tanker truck.
[10] Flight Control Tower: An ordinary flight control tower, 
manned by two flight control officers.
[11] Central Command: Normally used only during wartime, the 
underground central command now hosts the base’s senior 
officers who have withdrawn to the protected location to 
await the planned military coup. It can be reached through 
the underground hangars or two hidden entrances in the 
mountain. The mountain is guarded around the clock by two 
patrols, each consisting of two sentries (Soldiers) and dogs 
(Dobermans).
Air Force Base F3’s 
Central Command
Each hangar elevator opens onto a corridor. At each elevator, two 
sentries stand guard. Running at an angle to each other, the corri-
dors merging after 20 meters, and then continue another 10 meters 
until ending at the entrance.
[1] Entrance: The corridor from the elevators leads to the resi-
dences. There are no guards, but forty people are stationed in 
central command around the clock. They work in dual-shifts, 
so at least twenty people are in the lodgings. There are fewest 
people here at night, as only ten people are working, while the 
rest are asleep.
[2] Showers and Toilets: A modern shower room used by every-
one living here. There are toilets against the left-hand wall. 
There is 1 in 20 chance someone is using the facilities when the 
characters enter.
[3] Lodgings: Every lodging is furnished with four double-bunks 
and a closet for personal belongings. A small table and two 
chairs stand against the wall. At least two of the roomss are full 
of sleeping personnel.
[4] Lodgings: Lodgings furnished with two beds, two closets, and a 
table with two chairs against the wall. Two officers sleep here.
[5] Lodgings: As [5] above. Two officers sleep here.
[6] Colonel Leskov’s Rooms: In the outer room, there is a small 
table and comfortable easy chair. In the inner room, there is a 
bed and table. One of Filip Kramer’s paintings hangs over the 
bed, a fighter jet sweeping over a dark landscape. The painting 
is signed, “From your friend, Filip.” On the bedside table, there 
are three thick document collections with reports from the 
military high command. One of them details the quality of com-
bat resources for different regiments. The other two deal with 
the political opinions among soldiers in the different military 
branches. The reports are classified and not addressed to Leskov.
[7] Captain Tolstoy’s Rooms: Mikhail Tolstoy is Leskov’s closest man. 
In the outer room, there is a low table and three chairs. There is a 
bed and desk in the inner room.
112
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

[8] Mess Hall: Ten tables with benches furnish the hall. Against 
the far wall are two low tables with comfortable chairs. A 
TV hangs on the wall. It’s on most hours throughout the day, 
continually tuned to MTV.
[9] Kitchen: Comparatively modern with new stoves and 
refrigerators. The ventilation is not working properly. A fat, 
cheerful cook works here during the day.
[10] View of the Central Command: The door from the lodging 
section is made of steel, locked, and absorbs most damage. 
All officers have a key. There is a guard (Soldier) outside the 
door, who also has the key. The central command [11] can 
be seen through the glass wall. Tables and chairs are placed 
along the wall.
[11] Central Command: Although most of the command center 
was built in the 1960s, new electronic machines have been 
recently installed. A wide table with a strategic map of the 
area surrounding the base dominates the middle of the 
room. Small rakes are used to manually move and position 
model planes. The same topographical image is displayed 
on an electronic map on the wall. The electronic map is 
controlled from two consoles. By another wall, there are 
two computer terminals from the mid-1980s. During the 
day, there are some ten people working in here. It is empty 
at night. Three steel staircases lead to other sections of the 
base. Studying the programming for the electronic map 
reveals it can actively relay information from strategic 
maps of all Soviet air force and missile bases. Someone 
with a minimum of military experience realizes it is very 
unusual to have tactical maps of friendly bases.
[12] Communications: Radio and radar equipment from 
the early 1970s fill the walls of this room. There are old 
dot-matrix printers and tape recorders from the 1970s 
as well. There are always two people in the room. They 
spend a suspicious amount of their time listening to other 
Soviet military bases.
[13] Terminal Room: Eight IBM computer terminals from the 
mid-1980s sit on small tables in the room. A counter that 
runs along the wall holds three older Russian terminals. 
There are four people here during the day and one or two 
at night.
[14] Computer Room: An IBM supercomputer from the mid-
1980s stands against the far wall. A large cabinet for mag-
netic rolls of safety backups stands against another.
[15] Printing: The room is filled by the hum of five dot-matrix 
printers, a plotter, and a modern laser printer. Papers coil 
down to the floor. The printers run at all hours.
[16] Supplies: Printer paper, office supplies, magnetic com-
puter tapes, and audiotapes are stored on shelves.
[17] Resting Room: A bunk and a low table are the only 
furnishings. Under the table, there is a medical cabinet 
containing first-aid equipment.
113
Air Force Base F3
5

[18] Elevator: The elevator goes up to a small guardroom where 
two guards (Soldiers) are constantly stationed. A corridor runs to 
another elevator that leads up to a hidden exit in the mountain.
[19] Storage: Leftover office furniture and old computers are 
stacked on top of each other in this room.
[20] Toilet.
[21] Stairs: Behind a locked door, a spiral staircase leads up. It 
emerges in the same room as the elevator [18] and continues 
from there to a hidden exit in the mountain.
[22] Alarm Central: The walls are covered with screens and con-
soles. From here, the security of the whole base is monitored. 
All alarms are shown here. Guard forces are then directed to 
where the alarms are triggered. There are always two people 
stationed here.
[23] Office: A desk with a modern Intel 486 computer, a dot-matrix 
printer, and shelves full of binders furnish the room. On the 
floor, there are long rows full of printouts. Major Igor Pisarev 
sits here, calculating the strategic possibilities of taking out 
regiments loyal to the government with missiles. The calcula-
tions are based on detailed reports regarding the capacities of 
Missile Base M13. The data has been run through tactical-sim-
ulation software and combined with information about 
the capabilities of other regiments. Someone with military 
knowledge realizes Major Pisarev likely wouldn’t have the 
authority to handle this kind of information. Pisarev works in 
his office between 7 a.m. and 8 p.m., only breaking for lunch 
and afternoon tea.
[24] Office: A desk with an Intel 486 computer and shelves full of 
binders. Lieutenant Gennady Obolensky works here with a 
strategic map of Leningrad on his computer. He is compiling 
different scenarios for defending the city. The characters 
can determine he is employing the 3rd-, 5th-, and 12th-army 
divisions in Leningrad’s defense. The supposed attack-
ers are different military units; the same units Pisarev 
is using in his calculations. In each scenario, the 
defense is concentrated around the Vasilyevsky River. 
Lieutenant Pisarev remains in his office nearly 24/7, 
sleeping here between 2 and 6 a.m.
[25] Conference Room: A semi-circle-shaped table sur-
rounded by modern upholstered chairs fills the room. 
On the wall, there is an whiteboard and felt-tipped 
pens. A half-erased image on the board shows a 
rough map of Air Force Base F3.
[26] Colonel Leskov’s Office: A large desk with an old 
electrical typewriter stands against the far wall. Doc-
ument trays filled with letters and reports rest on the 
desk. The walls are lined with shelves holding bind-
ers and files. Colonel Leskov works here a couple of 
hours every day. In one document tray marked M13, 
there is correspondence from General Strelkov from 
a week ago. The room contains enough compromis-
ing evidence here to have Leskov arrested several 
times over. All of Strelkov’s letters are written on 
paper with Missile Base M13’s letterhead.
[27] Second Lieutenant Karpov’s Office: A desk takes 
up most of the room, laden with paper-filled doc-
ument trays. Leskov’s secretary sits here, spending 
most days sorting mail and typing letters.
[28] General Strelkov’s Office: An empty desk and empty 
bookshelves. It is apparent no one uses the room. 
Although Strelkov is the base’s commander, he has 
delegated all authority to Leskov.
Storage  
and Prison Cells
The hangar and central command’s elevators all descend to 
a large storage facility. Sufficient quantities of food and sup-
plies are stored here so personnel can remain in isolation 
for longer periods. A facility for holding prisoners is also 
located here. The PCs end up in the prison cells.
[1] Prison Cell: The cell is 1.5 × 3 meters. A wooden bench 
is the only furnishing. The door is made of solid steel 
and has a small hatch. The guard in [2] has the keys.
[2] Guards: A sparsely furnished room with two tables and 
chairs. There are two toilets on one of the walls. Two 
sentries (Soldiers) stand guard here. They trust the solid 
steel doors and are not overly alert.
[3] Corridor: Steel doors block the way from the prison 
cells to the corridor leading to the elevators. The two 
guards posted here have the keys. Otherwise, a crowbar 
or lock-picks are required to open them.
[4] Corridors: The corridors extend 200 meters in each 
direction, ending in passenger and freight elevators lead-
ing up to central command, as well as the underground 
hangars. On this floor, the elevators are unguarded.
[5] Grocery Storage: Cardboard boxes with freeze-dried 
food, canned food, charcoal powder, and vitamin pills.
[6] Power Plant and Generators: There is a diesel-run 
power plant that supplies the central command with 
114
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

electricity. The generators are humming. Two technicians walk 
around, taking care of everything.
[7] System Control: Ventilation systems, electricity, and heating 
are controlled from here. Aging control panels with small bulbs, 
indicators, and knobs line the walls.
[8] Spare Part Storage: Spare parts for the power generators and 
plant are stored here. Three locked sheet-metal cabinets con-
tain thirty AKs (assault rifles) and forty Makarovs (handguns), 
each with ammunition. The sheet-metal cabinets can be bro-
ken into with a crowbar (found in the room) or opened with 
lock-picks.
LEADS AT THE AIR FORCE BASE
The Soldiers: Everyone at the base eagerly talks about the military 
coup, which is going to happen together with Slava and other 
army- and air-force divisions. Everyone knows Strelkov 
is stationed at the missile base 15 kilometers north of 
Moscow. The entire air force base is apprehensive but 
excited about the events soon to unfold.
Weapons Storage: An examination 
of the inventory lists at the weapon 
storage rooms reveal numerous 
materials have disappeared (and 
likely been sold). If the characters 
check the serial numbers, they see 
the weapons match those found at 
Harmann’s Mechanics in Berlin (see 
Chapter 4, p. 94).
Colonel Leskov’s Room: Characters 
immediately recognize the painting as 
having been made by Filip Kramer. The 
classified reports Leskov is reading 
are of interest to the KGB and the 
parts of the military who are not 
involved in the coup.
Central Command: A thorough study 
of the electronic map shows the char-
acters which Russian bases the renegades 
intend to wipe out. It is unlikely the characters 
have the time to check the map completely, as it 
would take a couple of hours.
The Communications Room: Transcripts of com-
muniques between other Russian military bases are 
found in the binders. Some bases seem to have been 
listened to regularly.
The Computer Room: If the characters take the computers’ 
backup tapes, they gain tangible evidence of the plans for a mil-
itary coup. There are simulated attacks on other military bases 
and civilian targets. It also shows which Red Army units are 
personally involved in the coup. The magnet tapes are old-fash-
ioned and weigh in excess of 140 kg combined. It takes three 
days to sort out which ones are important.
Pisarev’s Office: Major Pisarev’s computer contains the pro-
tected records, which the PCs might have difficulty accessing or 
bringing with them. They can save them to some twenty floppy 
disks, located in a box on the desk.
Obolensky’s Office: If the characters study Obolensky’s simu-
lations of Leningrad’s defense, they quickly realize the defenses 
are centralized around a point suspiciously 
close to where Kalenko’s house was located. 
Simulated attacks focus on a civilian area, close 
to something marked, “Kaptyeno’s industrial 
area.” Obolensky has set up an attack scenario 
around the area, intending to wipe out the black 
cathedral.
Leskov’s Office: General Strelkov’s letters contain 
different orders, such as outlining attack plans for the 
air force, synchronizing with others involved in the 
coup, and purging individuals suspected of being an 
enemy agent. There is a personnel list, with incriminat-
ing black and white photos, of all the officers involved in 
the military coup. The final letter is an order to arrest and 
interrogate the characters and later bring them to M13.
Back to 
Moscow
If the PCs are freed by Ilya Topov, 
he brings them directly to Seliva-
nova, as soon as they escape the 
base. If they escaped on their own, 
they are contacted by the lictor 
upon returning to Moscow. Seliva-
nova picks them up in the same 
discrete fashion as earlier and con-
gratulates them on the operation. 
She is grateful for any evidence on 
the military coup and conspirators, 
Slava, and Strelkov. However, she is 
disappointed the general was not 
located on the base.
If the characters offer to locate the 
general at Missile Base M13, she is very 
grateful. Otherwise, she suggests they 
should go there. She has sufficient evidence to 
raid the base, but she wants the characters to go 
to Missile Base M13 for her. Selivanova invites them 
to accompany Lieutenant Ilya Topov and his 100 
men (KGB Commandos) and kill the general.
“You understand, as well as I do, that Strelkov cannot be 
arrested. This is another reason I want you there. My men have 
no experience of what they’ll encounter near Strelkov’s headquar-
ters. I believe you, at the very least, can imagine what is waiting 
for us there,” Selivanova says.
The KGB have maps of sections of the missile base. It consists 
of six mile-long missile tunnels stretching out from a central 
midpoint. “The best way is to enter in through these tunnels. It 
may be possible from the ground surface as well, but you will have 
to fight your way through the entire compound then. From the 
underground, you can enter the base covertly. You have to discuss 
this with Topov. I, on the other hand, have problems of my own 
to sort out. We are facing a crisis in Leningrad,” Selivanova says, 
and then bids them goodbye. She does not want to comment 
any further about the crisis in Leningrad. “It is too early to say 
anything for certain,” she says, obviously troubled.
115
Back to Moscow
5

The characters are introduced to Lieutenant Topov, if they did not 
meet him at the air force base (see p. 110). Together, they plan how 
to enter the missile base, as well as what equipment they need. 
The best approach is utilizing one of the hidden entrances to the 
missile tunnels, and then infiltrating the base from there.
Missile Base M13 lies 150 kilometers north of Moscow. The charac-
ters are flown to an airfield a few kilometers from the base, and 
then hike to the hidden entrance. Once inside the base, they can 
sneak up to a certain point. The GM decides when the alarm goes 
off, depending on the characters’ plan. The better the plan, the lon-
ger they remain undetected. If the characters leave the planning 
to Topov, they are able to reach the Fourth Level. Once the alarm 
triggers, the black berets organize the base defenses to prevent 
the intruders from reaching central command. The boy legionar-
ies never leave the Third Level, focused on guarding Strelkov and 
leaving the rest of the base to the ordinary soldiers.
The Fall 
of the Incarnate
General Strelkov never leaves the control room on the Third 
Level. He remains there, guarded by ten legionaries, all young 
boys. When the PCs arrive, he lets the boy legionaries fight in his 
stead. Only if he feels cornered, he engages in combat in order to 
save himself. Upon his death, Strelkov fades into nothing-
ness, screaming in a mad rage. The boy legionaries sink to 
the floor, becoming ordinary youths dressed in oversized 
uniforms. A blue-white, translucent shape of a naked boy 
rises from each of their bodies, the ghostly figures floating 
away like smoke in the wind. The characters have freed the 
boys from Chagidiel’s Inferno. The black berets are terribly 
shocked when they are released from the Death Angel’s 
control. They become completely apathetic, going into a 
black depression, for several hours and do not fight after 
the Incarnate is gone.
Missile Base M13
The missile base is an extensive underground complex 
located 150 kilometers north of Moscow. It lies in a deso-
late area with kolkhozes (collective farms that are under 
government control) and villages scattered around. The 
actual base is carved into a mountain overlooking the 
kolkhozes, which serve as the cover for its activities. From 
there, there are several kilometers of tunnels, where the 
missiles are secretly transported to prevent enemy powers 
from locating them.
There are several entrances to the base. The largest lies in 
a heavily-guarded building of the counterfeit kolkhozes. 
This entrance is secured and patrolled by three separate 
guard posts with ten sentries each, as well as advanced 
security systems.
The other entrances are the tunnels’ numerous ser-
vice-shafts. There are twenty of these, all of which are 
well hidden. It is most likely that the characters enter via 
one of these missile tunnels. Getting directly down into the 
base from the surface is very difficult, almost impossible. 
The missile base has been heavily influenced by the Incar-
nate’s presence. Entire sections of the complex have slipped 
into and merged with Inferno. Several tunnels have acquired 
an organic appearance, while creatures from Inferno stalk 
in the countless shadows. The base’s staff have also been 
warped by the Incarnate’s proximity. The characters feel 
they are gradually entering an alien world. The GM can use 
their imagination to make this exploration as terrifying and 
dangerous as possible. Even the courage provided by the 
accompanying soldiers should diminish as they encounter 
new and mind-shattering horrors.
The Missile Tunnels
The missile tunnels stretch out over tens of kilometers under-
ground. Entrances into the service tunnels are located at the 
launch facilities. Each is 3 kilometers apart. Each launch site 
consists of a solid concrete shaft rising from the missile tun-
nel to the surface. The shaft is covered by steel hatches, which 
open automatically when the missile is prepared for launch. 
The hatches are well camouflaged. Next to them, a smaller 
hatch allows access to a stairwell, leading down into the 
service tunnel. These service hatches are locked and alarmed, 
but unguarded.
116
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

At most locations, the main tunnel is 6 meters 
in diameter. A wagon carries the ordnance 
along a train-track, according to a pre-pro-
grammed pattern. The wagon is loud enough 
to be heard from great distances, rumbling 
as it approaches. Large fans are mounted in 
the ceiling, creating a cold breeze and filling 
the tunnel with monotonous droning. Cable 
drums run along the corridor. A smaller ser-
vice tunnel runs parallel to the main tunnel, 
featuring connecting doors every 50 meters.
The tunnels are completely normal for 
several kilometers distance from where 
characters enter the facility. However, the 
closer they get to the base, the more the 
Incarnate’s presence can be felt. The archi-
tecture becomes increasingly like Chagi-
diel’s Inferno. The hidden cable drums are 
replaced by nests of thick cables hanging 
from the ceiling and walls. Occasionally, 
blue-white sparks shoot out and the walls 
crackle with live electricity. The service 
tunnel’s concrete floor is replaced by steel 
grilles, suspended over dark shafts beneath 
the characters’ feet. The air grows colder, 
dropping to near-freezing. Thick clumps of 
ice cling to the floor grating and various 
surfaces. Their footing becomes slippery, 
make any progress difficult, even danger-
ous. The accompanying KGB Commandos 
grow uneasy, realizing these changes verge 
on madness. Soon, their blueprints no 
longer match their surroundings.
The Sixth Level
Eventually, the six missile tunnels meet below the base’s central 
command, opening into a large maintenance facility. There are 
storage rooms with equipment and spare parts, service stations 
for missiles and wagons, and an armory for the ordnance. The 
Incarnate’s influence is much stronger here, as well. It is damp 
and deeply cold. Plumes of breath rise from the characters’ 
mouths.
The floor is an amalgamation of concrete and steel grilles. Every-
thing is covered in hoarfrost and slippery with motor oil. All 
engines and mechanical systems on the trucks, service vehicles, 
and equipment create noxious clouds in the chill. In the cold, 
blue light, everything appears primitive and decayed.
The fluorescents above offer a weak, inconsistent light. Many 
bulbs are broken completely. In contrast, powerful spotlights illu-
minate the service areas. The clouds of steam and exhaust, com-
bined with the poor lighting, reduces visibility range to as little as 
10 meters. As such, it is possible to sneak through the room.
Scattered throughout the area, there are fifteen storage workers 
and Missile Base Engineers, as well as twenty Black Berets guard-
ing the tunnel exits. There are two black berets per exit. Another 
two patrol the room.
The Incarnate has warped the storage workers and engineers. 
Their skin is covered with boils and fungus, rotten and gradually 
falling off. Their skeletons have transformed into steel frames, 
­powered by 
mechanical hydraulics which can be seen through 
the decaying flesh. The berets attack anyone on sight 
and trigger the alarm, while the engineers sometimes 
ignore them and sometimes attack.
[1] Entrance: Two Black Berets stand guard at the 
missile tunnel opening into the storage hall. 
They stand unnaturally still, focused entirely on 
their guard duty, never speaking to each other. 
A steel door connects the room to the accom-
panying service tunnel.
[2] Storage: This room features 10-meter tall 
storage shelves where missiles and spare parts 
are stored on pallets and in containers. The 
shelves’ steel frames are partially covered in 
ice. Two forklift-operators drive their machines 
among the shelves, organizing. If they come 
close, the characters see they do not look 
human.
[3] Forklifts: Parking lot for the forklifts. The 
protective covers for batteries and engines are 
gone, and the lifts show signs of damage.
[4] Service Area: A missile wagon, complete with 
missile, is parked here, currently in mid-in-
spection. Forklifts and service vehicles are fre-
quently driven up to the site. Seven mutated 
Missile Base Engineers work on the wagon.
117
Missile Base M13
5

[5] ­Guard Room: There are four tables with benches and a small pantry 
here. A turned-off TV hangs from the ceiling. An open door leads 
into a surveillance room. A guard (Black Beret) sits here studying two 
monitors. The images switch between the six missile tunnel open-
ings, the storage departments, and the service areas. The picture 
is grainy and difficult to interpret, and the room is so dark a lot of 
activity is required to make the guard notice anything. A direct con-
nection to the Third-Level alarm center can be found here.
[6] Service Area: The service wagons used in the missile tunnels are 
kept here. Lots of equipment for maintenance of missiles and 
other appliances are also here. Six twisted Missile Base Engineers 
walk around, working with the equipment.
[7] The Engineering Room: Two tables, benches, and a small pantry 
make up the furnishing. No one seems to have been here for the 
last couple of days.
[8] The Service Chief’s Room: A desk and a couple of document 
cabinets are in the room. It is dusty and oily. Papers lay scattered 
on the floor and everything is untidy. It appears as if someone 
with oily hands has been messing around looking for something; 
otherwise, it seems have remained undisturbed a long time.
[9] Freight Elevator Up: A clanking, icy elevator ascends to the 
Fifth Level. Two Black Berets stand guard outside. They have 
keys for the elevator. Otherwise, it can be activated with Open 
Locked Doors or the use of an appropriate Advantage. Next to 
the freight elevator, there is an emergency escape with stairs 
behind a steel door. It can be opened with lock-picks in the 
same way as above.
[10] Passenger Elevator Up: A modern, but ice-covered elevator 
to the Fifth Level. It is unguarded, but locked in the same way 
as the freight elevator [9]. The man in the guardroom and the 
guards in front of the freight elevator all have keys.
[11] Freight Elevator Down: The elevator descends to the Seventh 
Level, where the facility’s power plant is located. It is guarded 
by two Black Berets and locked in the same way as the freight 
elevator [9]. There is an emergency escape next to the eleva-
tor, its steel door locked as above. The guards and the men 
in the guardroom have the keys. The power plant takes up an 
entire level and is guarded by thirty Black Berets.
The characters have no obvious reason for going here, so the GM 
will need to improvise if they do. The power plant is a normal, 
diesel generator surrounded by control rooms. Control and 
regulatory systems for the rest of the compound are operated 
from the Third-Level control room. If the main power plant is 
taken out, emergency generators automatically take over on 
each level.
The Fifth Level
It is bitterly cold, hovering just above freezing. The air is humid 
and every surface is slick with frost and condensation. Every-
thing is filthy, as if no one has cleaned here for decades. Mois-
ture and oil stains are everywhere. Live cables hang from the 
ceiling, crackling and sparking. The grated floor resembles 
the level below. Blinking fluorescent lights offer an uneasy 
illumination.
[1] ­Passenger Elevator Down: Elevator down to the Sixth 
Level. The elevator is locked down. Open Locked Doors or 
the use of an appropriate Advantage is required to get it 
started. The officers have keys for the elevator.
[2] Kitchen: There are four floor-mounted pots, 
three stoves, and two cooktops here. Counters 
run along the walls. A fat, sweaty cook is fry-
ing hamburgers here. It is incredibly dirty, with 
grease coating the floor and thick layers of grime 
everywhere.
[3] Supplies: Large supplies of canned and freeze-
dried food for use when the base is locked down. 
Cans and packets of freeze-dried food are cov-
ered in greenish-blue parasites, which are eating 
their way through the tin and plastic, infecting the 
supplies.
[4] Cold Storage: Meat, fish, and vegetables. Every-
thing is half rotten and covered by slimy fungus. 
The groceries have been stacked close to the door 
to make room for six dead bodies in plastic bags.
[5] Stairs Up: Emergency escape up to the Fourth 
Level. Its locks require Open Locked Doors or the 
use of an appropriate Advantage to open. The offi-
cers have the keys.
[6] Freight Elevator: The elevator goes down to the 
Sixth Level and up to the Fourth Level. It is locked in 
the same way as the passenger elevator [1].
[7] Cantina: Furnished with ten tables with steel legs 
and transparent plastic tabletops, two static-filled 
TVs, and worn sofas around two low tables. The 
walls are rough concrete. Grating on the floor is oily 
and covered with ice. Ten Black Berets sit here, eating. 
A captain with keys to the armory [12} is here.
[8] Emergency Generator: A diesel-powered emergency 
generator,which automatically starts, if the main 
power plant stops (see above). A locked steel door 
leads into the generator. Use of Open Locked Doors 
or similar Advantages or tools won’t work here. The 
supervising captain for this level holds the key. Beside 
the emergency generator is a stairwell leading down 
to the Sixth Level, its door locked in the same way as 
the stairs by [6].
118
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

[9] Passenger Elevator Up: Elevator up to the Fourth Level. 
Locked in the same way as the elevator by [1].
[10] Lodgings: Every lodging contains ten triple bunkbeds 
of simple steel construction. There are no mattresses or 
sheets. Between the beds, there are sheet-metal closets 
where personal belongings are kept. There are ten Black 
Berets occupying each of the two lodgings closest to 
the showers. The third lodging is empty. The soldiers 
rest on the beds, fully dressed in pants and shirts. They 
remain perfectly still, staring blankly at the ceiling, as if 
hibernating.
[11] Showers: Three showers and four toilets. It is dirty and 
icy cold. The floor is partially covered by frost. A frozen 
water pipe has burst, and a large lump of ice has formed 
in the crack.
[12] Armory: There are 100 AKs (assault rifles) with ammu-
nition stored here along with 20 hand grenades (explo-
sives), 20 tear gas grenades (causing human opponents 
to be momentarily dazed), 100 bulletproof vests (body 
armor), and 30 Makarov pistols (handguns). A solid steel 
door leads into the storage. Withstanding most damage, 
the door is double-locked, requiring Open Locked Doors 
or the use of an appropriate Advantage to bypass. There 
is a guard (Black Beret) outside, who has the room keys. 
The captain eating in the cantina also has the keys.
The Fourth Level
The Fourth Level contains the mechanical-engineering work-
shop and lodging for the base’s engineers. They are twisted in 
the same fashion as the engineers of the Sixth Level. It is cold, 
dirty, and fog hovers everywhere, as in the lower levels. There 
are thirteen engineers and ten black berets on the level.
[1] Passenger Elevator Down: The elevator goes down to 
the Fifth Level. It is locked in the same way as the eleva-
tors on the floors below. The Fourth-Level captain and 
lieutenant have keys.
[2] Sleeping Halls: Every room contains two three-story 
bunk beds, as well as sheet metal closets for personal 
belongings. Some of the beds have mattresses, while 
others do not. Everything drips motor oil and moisture. 
Two Missile Base Engineers are resting in the two rooms 
closest to the cantina. The other ones are empty.
[3] Passenger Elevator Up: The elevator goes up to the 
Third Level. It is locked in the same way as the elevators 
on the levels below. The Fourth-Level captain has the 
keys.
[4] Workshop: A workshop for mechanical engineers, who 
produce spare parts and make complicated repairs. 
There are lathes, drills, sheet-metal presses, and a 
wide array of tools. Everything is damp and partially 
covered with ice, yet still continues to work. There are 
five twisted Missile Base Engineers here, including the 
Fourth-Level captain and the lieutenant who oversees 
the department. Currently, they are conducting a surgi-
cal procedure on a sixth engineer who is tied down to 
a worktable. They have cut open his abdomen, expos-
ing a steel frame coiled with cables. The “patient” is 
moving slightly, obviously alive. The worktable drips with 
blood and oil, pulsing from the bisected man. Four black 
berets stand guard in the room.
[5] Emergency Generator: A diesel-driven emergency gener-
ator, which automatically starts if the power plant on the 
Seventh Level stops (see above). The only access is a locked, 
steel door which can absorb heavy damage. The captain 
who oversees this level has the key.
[6] Freight Elevator Down: The elevator goes to the Fifth and 
Sixth Level. It can be opened in the same way as the eleva-
tors on the Fifth Level. The Fourth-Level captain and lieu-
tenant have the keys.
[7] Computer Room: A modern American supercomputer 
stands behind an icy, glass wall at the far end of the room. It 
is oily and covered with frost, but continues to hum. Shelves 
line the walls, filled with magnetic tapes for storage. Three 
rows of twelve terminals dominate the room. Three Missile 
Base Engineers are working here. They are studying illustra-
tions of missile wagons in a CAD program. Behind a locked 
door, there is an emergency escape stair leading down to the 
Fifth Level. Two Black Berets stand guard in the room.
[8] Cantina: Furnished with white plastic tables with steel legs 
and simple plastic chairs. Against one wall, there is a sofa 
and low table, covered with old tech journals in Russian and 
English. A TV filled with static is mounted on the wall. Four 
Black Berets patrol this room and the corridor.
119
Missile Base M13
5

[9] Showers: Showers and toilets covered with ice. Everything 
is oily and dirty.
[10] Kitchen: Three floor-mounted pots, ovens, and stoves. It 
is dirty and icy. There is no one here. The kitchen hasn’t 
been used for a long time. Moldy leftovers coat the pots 
and stoves.
[11] Supplies: Large supplies of canned and freeze-dried food. 
Cans and freeze-dried packets have been attacked by the 
same green-blue parasite as on the Fifth Level.
[12] Cold Storage: Meat, fish, and vegetables. Everything is 
half-rotten and coated by mold. Further into the storage 
area, there are two dead engineers wrapped in plastic.
The Third Level
The Third Level is the base’s heart. The control room 
governing the entire facility and its missiles is 
located here. General Strelkov has barricaded him-
self here, preparing to commence his mis-
sile attack against government-friendly 
military regiments across Russia. 
Due to this, the entire Third Level 
hovers on the edge of Inferno. 
Beneath the floor grating, stairs 
descend into a winding labyrinth 
of tunnels, which leads to Chagi-
diel’s Inferno. It is almost pitch 
black. Only the glow from the 
computer screens and tactical 
map illuminate the control room–
the Incarnate and his legionaries 
have no need for light. The air is a 
freezing −10 °C.
[1] Passenger Elevator Down: 
The elevator leads down to 
the Fourth Level. It is locked in 
the same way as the other pas-
senger elevators. General Strelkov 
has the keys.
[2] Corridor: The corridor has grated floor and steel plates on 
the walls. A steel door leads into an emergency stairwell, 
descending to the fourth level. It is locked like the other 
stairs. Two Boy Legionaries are stationed by the guard post 
in the middle of the corridor.
[3] Emergency Generator: A diesel-driven emergency gener-
ator which automatically starts if the power plant on the 
seventh level stops. A robust steel door leads to the gen-
erator. The door requires Open Locked Doors or the use 
of an appropriate Advantage to open. Physical tools aren’t 
enough. General Strelkov has the key.
[4] Armory: There are thirty AKMs (assault rifles) with ammu-
nition and thirty bulletproof vests (armor) here. A solid, 
nearly indestructible, steel door leads into the armory. It 
is double-locked and requires lock-picks to open, as well 
as a successful Open Locked Doors. Strelkov has keys to 
the armory.
[5] Lodgings: There are ten double-bunks here 
with mattresses and bedclothes. Between 
the beds, there are closets made of 
sheet-metal for personal belongings. 
Twenty black berets, assigned to 
guard the control room, were 
originally lodged here. However, 
when Strelkov summoned the 
boy legionaries, they took over this 
section and slaughtered the twenty 
soldiers. Now, the black berets are 
lying torn to pieces in the bunk 
beds and on the floor. Their heads 
are staked on the bedposts. Two 
men are nailed to the wall with 
their bellies cut open. The room is 
covered with rancid blood. The 
room is riddled with bullet holes 
from automatic fire, revealing that 
a massive firefight took place here. 
Guns are frozen into the corpses’ 
dead hands.
[6] Shower: Three torn corpses are lying on 
the floor, frozen together in a lump by ice from a 
broken pipe.
[7] Guard Post: Five Boy Legionaries are located in 
this small checkpoint, which must be passed to get to 
the control room. Two steel doors must also be passed: 
one into the guard post and one further into the control 
room. Both of them require lockpicks and a successful 
Open Locked Doors or the use of an appropriate Advan-
tage to open. One of the boy legionaries has the keys.
[8] Control Room: The base is controlled from here. An elec-
tronic, tactical map shows an image of Russia, its military 
targets marked. There is a smaller, conventional map on 
the floor. Control panels for the missile and other facility 
systems run along the walls. Ten Boy Legionaries with AKMs 
guard them and General Strelkov, who never leaves the 
control room.
[9] Computer Room: An American supercomputer is located 
at the room’s far end, behind a glass wall. Magnetic tapes 
are stored on shelves on the walls. There are ten other 
120
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

computers in the room. A locked, steel door on the far wall 
opens on an emergency escape stairwell leading to the 
second floor. Two Missile Base Engineers are working on 
maps over military bases in Russia and the Soviet Union. 
Three Boy Legionaries guard them.
[10] Alarm Central: The walls are covered with monitors and 
electronic maps. All alarms in the building connect here, 
and where the black berets are directed in case of emer-
gency. Two Black Berets, a captain and his assistant, are 
stationed here, guarded by three Boy Legionaries.
[11] Passenger Elevator Up: The elevator is locked and leads 
to the Second Level. It can be opened in the same way as 
the other passenger elevators. General Strelkov has the 
keys.
The Second Level
The base administration is located on the Second Level. Docu-
ments of General Strelkov’s plans are found here. The infernal 
transformation has progressed as far here as on the Fourth 
Level. It is freezing and damp.
[1] Passenger Elevator Down: The elevator is locked and 
leads down to the Third Level. It can be opened in the 
same way as the other passenger elevators. The adminis-
trative manager and the guard leader have the keys. There 
is a Black Beret guarding in the corridor by the elevator.
[2] Toilets: A pipe has frozen and the floor is covered with 
slushy puddles.
[3] Cafeteria: The same plastic chairs with steel legs as are 
found throughout the base. Plates with moldy leftovers are 
sitting on a table. There is no one here.
[4] Kitchen: A simple kitchen with three stoves and some hot 
plates. Mostly tea and coffee is brewed here for the cafete-
ria. It is filthy and empty.
[5] Supplies: Office supplies, paper and broken office chairs.
[6] Computer Room: A 1980s IBM computer stands behind a 
glass wall at the far end of the room. Glass walls divide the 
room into four small office cubicles, each with one termi-
nal. A Soldier is sitting here, writing, while two Black Berets 
stand guard. A locked, steel door in the far wall 
opens onto an emergency escape stair, leading 
down to the Third Level.
[7] General Strelkov’s Office: A computer termi-
nal and an electronic typewriter sit on the desk. 
Document trays are overflowing with papers 
and unopened mail.
There is correspondence here between Strelkov, Col-
onel Leskov, and other high-ranking military officers 
who are involved in the planned military coup. This 
includes a copied order to General Kikin, requesting 
the blockade of Leningrad. Strelkov writes, “once 
preparations for the missile attack are completed, will 
meet Kikin in the liberated Leningrad.”
[8] Captain Lissitzky’s Office: Same furnishing as 
in Strelkov’s office, including the same mass of 
paper and unopened mail. In a document tray 
marked “Leningrad,” there is a detailed report 
outlining possible strategies for occupying Lenin-
grad. An evaluation of faking a cholera epidemic 
and declaring martial law is particularly thorough. 
“The liberated Leningrad” is mentioned several 
times in the report, as are the result of the efforts.
[9] Lieutenant Nabokov’s Office: Same furnishing 
as in the other two offices, but there is a young 
lieutenant working here. He is typing up letters to 
leaders of various Russian military installations, 
who have been offered to participate in “the resolu-
tion that we discussed earlier.” If they do not accept 
the proposal, they are overtly threatened with 
severe consequences following “the liberation.”
[10] Emergency Generator: As the other emergency 
generators.
[11] Passenger Elevator Up: Elevator up to the First 
Level. The elevator door is locked and the lieutenant 
and one of the guards in the computer room have 
the keys.
The First Level
The first Level contains lodgings for nearly half of the 
base’s black berets. The infernal changes are not as sig-
nificant here. It is colder and filthier than normal, but the 
floors have not been replaced by grating.
[1] Passenger Elevator Down: Elevator down to the Sec-
ond Level. The elevator door is locked, and the officers 
and guard leaders have the keys.
[2] Mess Hall: Furnished with ten tables with steel legs 
and see-through plastic tabletops, a TV set on one wall 
and worn sofas around a low table. The walls and 
floors are made of rough concrete. Five Black Berets are 
here, eating. No one says anything.
[3] Kitchen: Four floor-mounted pots, three stoves and 
two hobs. It is filthy and oily, but not as bad as in the 
lower base.
121
Missile Base M13
5

[4] Storage: Storage containing conserved and freeze-dried 
food. The food has been attacked by the green-blue para-
site and largely destroyed.
[5] Cold Storage: Meat, fish and, vegetables. Everything is 
rotted and moldy. However, there are no dead bodies 
here.
[6] Emergency Generator: As the other emergency 
generators.
[7] Passenger Elevator Up: The elevator goes up to an 
armor-plated, hidden room in a kolkhoz’s pig-house, 
one of the false buildings designed to obscure the base 
aboveground. Four Black Berets stand guard by the 
locked elevator. One of them has a key. If the characters 
ride the elevator up, they encounter another six guards 
posted in an elevator room on Ground Level, and yet 
another ten in the kolkhoz.
[8] ­Lodgings: Same triple bunk beds and metal-sheet 
cabinets as on the Fifth Level. Some of the beds have 
mattresses, while others do not. There are five Black 
Berets in each lodging. They rest on the beds, as if in 
hibernation.
[9] Shower: Same type of showers and toilets as on the 
Fifth Level, but somewhat cleaner. No pipes have 
frozen.
[10] Armory: There are 100 AKs with ammunition, 20 hand 
grenades, 20 tear gas grenades, 100 bulletproof vests, 
and 30 Makarov handguns (handguns) stored here. A 
sturdy, nearly indestructible, steel door leads into the 
armory. It is double-locked, requiring lockpicks to be 
opened. A guard (Black Beret) stands outside, who has 
the supply room keys. The guard leader in the mess 
hall also has keys.
LEADS IN THE MISSILE BASE
The Control Room (Third Level): The complete plans for 
the military coup of Russia are found here. Using these, 
the Russian government can stop the conspirators. There 
are also plans outlining the military organization of a 
future Soviet Union. The initial attacks are concentrated 
around Leningrad, involving large troop forces currently 
unavailable to Strelkov (Chagidiel plans to summon 
damned legionaries from Inferno).
Strelkov’s Office (Second Level): Orders to seize Len-
ingrad, addressed to General Kikin, are located here, 
as well as references to a “liberated Leningrad.”
Lissitzky’s Office (Second Level): The plans for Len-
ingrad’s invasion can be used by loyal military units 
to prevent Leningrad from falling into the conspir-
ators’ hands.
Epilogue
When the assault on Missile Base M13 ends 
and General Strelkov is dead, the characters 
are escorted out of the base by the KGB offi-
cers. Once on the surface, they’re taken to Colonel 
Selivanova’s mobile operation headquarters – a 
shabby RV brimming with advanced, communica-
tions equipment. The RV is parked in the forest a 
few kilometers east of the base, well camouflaged 
and guarded by thirty soldiers.
The characters are disarmed and brought in to 
Selivanova. She is hunched over a table covered by 
tactical maps. She gestures for them to sit down. 
After a couple of minutes, she looks up and smiles 
happily.
“You have done an amazing job. We have all the 
evidence we need. The conspirators will be arrested 
within three hours. Strelkov is vanquished, and with-
out him, their entire operation falls apart. However, 
we have problems in another area. They successfully 
started some of their operations in Leningrad, and I 
have lost contact with Chezenko. I have a car waiting 
to take you into the city so you can recover.”
If the characters are wounded, they are brought to 
a military hospital in Moscow by helicopter. Other-
wise, they are driven back to Hotel Rossiya.
122
Chapter 5 – Mother Russia

123
Epilogue
5

Chapter 6  
To Hell  
and Back
B
y this time, the player characters (PCs) know what trans-
pired in Leningrad between 1941 and 1942. Numerous leads point 
them towards the city and the events unfolding there. They suspect 
something similar – or even worse – will happen there again.
Having vanquished two of Chagidiel’s Incarnates, only one remains 
– Pogodin. However, he is the original Incarnate and consider-
ably more dangerous than the other two. If the characters 
face him on their own, they will likely fail. Their best 
course of action is to free the children imprisoned 
in Leningrad and allow them to banish the Death 
Angel. The Archon Binah has different plans for 
dealing with the situation, but fate has a 
cruel surprise waiting for her.
124
Chapter 6 – To Hell and Back

A Period 
of Recovery
The PCs should be allowed time to recover after returning from the 
events in the missile base. How long they have before the crisis in 
Leningrad escalates will depend on their physical condition. Their 
recuperation time should enable them to adequately handle the 
challenges faced during the campaign’s final chapter.
During this respite, the worsening crisis in Leningrad is constantly 
featured on the television, radio, and in the newspapers. Martial law 
was introduced more than a week ago. The military have effectively 
blocked off the entire city. If they contact Selivanova, she expresses 
her worries, explaining she has not heard from her “colleagues” in 
Leningrad. She gives the impression she is not talking about KGB 
colleagues. She has lost contact with all lictors in the city’s vicinity 
and is very worried. If the characters inquire whether they should go 
to Leningrad, Selivanova initially believes it would be unwise. She 
doubts they would make it, being at a loss of how to deal with this.
The Icon Painter’s 
Message
Once the PCs are fit enough to complete the campaign’s final 
section, the icon painter Nesterov appears in their hotel or at the 
hospital. He knocks considerately on the door with his hat in his 
hand, asking permission to enter. He is dressed in old-fashioned 
Russian clothes and speaks only Russian. Miraculously, the char-
acters understand everything he says whether they know Russian 
or not.
“It’s complete now. I will bring you to the cathedral,” Nesterov says. If 
the characters ask what he is talking about, he only replies every-
thing is just as it was the last time. He must bring them to the 
black cathedral, where the icon is located. He follows them out 
from the hotel or hospital. Outside, a stretched, Mercedes-Benz 
560SEL is waiting, seating eight passengers comfortably. Seliva-
nova sits behind the wheel, looking noticeably worried. She tells 
them to hop into the car.
“I’ll drive you to Leningrad, but we can’t enter the city anymore. This 
person says that he’s met Chezenko. I have to trust him. I thought 
everything would resolve itself after Strelkov disappeared, but we’re 
about to lose Leningrad,” Selivanova says.
The icon painter sits quietly during the journey. Selivanova 
answers questions, but provides the same false stories she used 
earlier. The journey only takes six hours, as Selivanova drives 
around 150 km/h. She is an excellent driver, but the speed is still 
nerve-wracking.
Leningrad Again
The Red Army has cordoned off Leningrad, but after Seliva-
nova shows her identification, the group is let through the 
outer road-blocks. She parks the car in an industrial area in 
the southern suburbs, a considerable distance from the city. 
A sign reads “Kaptyeno Industrial Area.” The area is full of 
abandoned or decaying industries and vacant plots.
She explains, “This is as far as I can go without being discov-
ered. You have to continue on your own. Follow him.” If needed, 
Selivanova provides them each with a Skorpion machine 
pistol (submachine gun) and five magazines, as well as 
bulletproof vest (armor). Characters asking for handguns are 
given a PSM (handgun) with five magazines and a silencer. 
After they’re out of the car, the lictor quickly drives off.
Smiling beatifically, Nesterov tells the characters to follow 
him. He leads them through the broken-down and desolate 
industrial areas towards a ruin of black stone squeezed 
between a warehouse, rubber factory, and an abandoned lot.
The Black Cathedral
Built from basalt, the cathedral’s ancient gothic façade is 
lined with rotted stone heads that leer down at visitors. The 
cathedral cannot be found in any city plans, and no mainte-
nance has been done in almost a hundred years. The ceilings 
in the altar room and the sacristy have caved in. Thickets of 
alder and climbing plants around the building completely 
obscure it in summer.
The cathedral gates directly face the barbed wire crowned 
fence surrounding the container storage, blocking any entry. 
A thicket of alder and shrubbery has grown up through the 
fence, forming an impenetrable barrier. A narrow path leads 
through the thicket and to the cathedral’s rear. The only way 
inside is through the crumbled wall into the altar room and 
sacristy.
One hundred Damned Legionaries stand guard around the 
cathedral, ordered to prevent Chezenko from leaving. They 
ignore mortals, so the characters can simply walk by them, 
if they wish. The legionaries only respond if they are directly 
attacked. As the group approaches, Nesterov says, “He’s 
waiting for you in there. You’ll find my image there, as well. You’ll 
know who has been Chosen.”
He takes one of the characters by the hand, looking them 
directly in the eyes. His face reveals a great regret and con-
cern. “Most of the children are still in Kalenko’s house. I could only 
save a few. You must help the rest escape. I trust you to do the 
right thing.” He leaves them and disappears into the 
ruins. They never see him again.
125
A Period of Recovery
6

Leningrad
126
Chapter 6 – To Hell and Back

Map and Floor Plans 
of the Black Cathedral
[1] The Catacomb and the Sacristy: The altars remain 
standing in the room, but half the wall has crumbled and 
the black floor is cracked. The stained-glass windows have 
been blown out and prismatic shards glitter amongst the 
dried leaves. A few icons remain hanging on the walls. All 
the faces are black.
[2] Nave: A damaged icon adornment divides the catacomb 
from the nave. Blackened saint images hang on the intact 
section of wall. A wooden sculpture of the crucified Christ 
is hanging above the crumbling icon wall. The crucifix is 
blackened and scorched. The icon images stare silently 
at spiraled stone pillars that support the roof. Three black 
chandeliers hang by thick chains on the ceiling. All candles 
in the room have burned out. Depending on the time of 
day, the sun (or moon) shines through the broken rafters, 
casting ghostly shadows. Dry leaves swirl about on the 
floor and in the air. Wooden benches molder at the back 
of the room. Ivan Chezenko waits for the group here.
[3] Tombs: Eroded busts and tombstones can be 
glimpsed through iron bars, which have rusted 
together into brown-black lumps. Characters with 
good knowledge of Russian can read the worn 
inscriptions, revealing that the Durnovo family has 
rested here since the 1300s. The cathedral must be 
significantly older than Leningrad.
[4] Tombs: A completely eroded sarcophagus sits 
behind rusted, crumbling iron gates. It is impossi-
ble to determine who rests here.
[5] Chapel: An eroded, sandstone statue of the 
Madonna and Child stands against one wall. 
Illegible inscriptions are carved into the floor.
[6] Tombs: Illegible epitaphs and eroded reliefs line 
the walls and floor. There are graves here from 
the 1100s and later. One bronze plate has not 
eroded like the other ones. It depicts a round, 
innocent face of indeterminate gender, encir-
cled by a halo of light. An iron ring hangs over 
the face. This is the entrance to the crypts.
127
Leningrad Again
6

The Crypts
[1] Stairway: A narrow stairway of black basalt winds 
down to the crypts, approximately 20 meters below 
ground level. Its opens onto a corridor illuminated 
by burning torches, set in holders along the walls. 
Stone statues of medieval knights stands guard at the 
cramped entrance to each crypt.
[2] Crypts: Each crypt contains one noble family, the 
burial dates ranging from the year 1050 up to the 15th 
century. In some of the crypts, candles burn in front 
of the reliefs. In other places, dried flowers are scat-
tered upon the floor. In one of the crypts, the mem-
bers of the Chezenko family are interred, ranging 
from the year 1154 up to 1480.
[3] Chapel: The characters see the light shining from 
the chapel through a heavy bronze door. Inside the 
room, hundreds of thin wax candles burn, placed 
in bowls of sand in front of saintly images. The 
chapel’s walls are covered with images of the 
Madonna. Some images depict the Madonna and 
Child, but in most the Child is missing and the 
Madonna stares out with cold, black eyes.
A well stands in the middle of the room, surrounded 
by a well-kept iron fence. A musty, cold wind rises 
from its mouth. There is no splash if anything is 
thrown in. Chezenko explains that it is a sacrificial 
well, “For votive offerings and that sort of thing.” 
Behind meticulously smithe, iron gates, there is a 
full-sized Madonna statue. It is completely black, 
cast in wrought iron or some other black metal. 
The statue features no Child. In front of it, a small 
forest of offering candles burns.
Nesterov’s completed Black Madonna icon hangs 
on the barred gates. The Madonna’s feminine 
face is stern, but completely recognizable as the 
character with the highest Soul (see below).
The Madonna 
Incarnates
Inside the cathedral, Ivan Chezenko waits impa-
tiently for the PCs. As soon as they arrive, he leads 
them down into the crypts beneath the building. 
If they ask him what is going on, he says he will 
explain later. They are brought to the chapel first, 
in front of the statue of the Black Madonna. Those 
bearing Chagidiel’s Mark feel a strong unpleasant-
ness standing before the statue, its mere presence 
makes them want to scream.
“This is the Black Madonna. She wishes to possess one 
of your bodies. You will never feel her presence, and 
hopefully the demon prince won’t either. Only the 
Madonna can crush Chagidiel and save you from the 
disease which is consuming you,” Chezenko says.
If the characters ask why, Chezenko says the Death 
Angel’s mark will hide the Madonna’s presence. He 
himself would be detected and killed if he stepped 
outside the cathedral. It is only in here that he is safe.
“You must stop Chagidiel. It is your destiny. Complete it 
or die a horrible death. Go to the Incarnate. He resides 
in Kalenko’s house. Once inside, the Madonna will take 
over. Stay nearby. Do not release any prisoners. Free 
one child and this nightmare shall continue for all eter-
nity. We must break the cycle. Don’t open any doors. Do 
you hear what I’m saying? Absolutely no doors must be 
opened. A disobedient servant brought this storm over 
us. It cannot happen again. No one leaves the house. 
The Madonna shall help you escape once the battle is 
over.” GM Note: This is, of course, a lie. Binah’s Incarnate 
intends to abandon them with Chagidiel in Inferno, if 
they obey her servant’s instructions. Observant charac-
ters may detect this falsehood.
The character who bears Chagidiel’s Mark and has 
the highest Soul feels an urge to approach the barred 
gates. As they come up, the statue reaches out a black 
hand and touches his or her forehead. “They have been 
chosen,” Chezenko says. “The rest of us can now leave.”
The other characters are brought back through the 
cathedral, where they must wait outside the gates, 
alongside the shrieking, drooling legionaries.
Meanwhile, the chosen character falls into a trance, 
laying helpless before the statue. Over the next hours, 
the Archon reestablishes the same mental link she 
once formed with Magda in the chapel.
At dawn the next day, a loud crashing noise erupts 
from the crypts. When the characters come down, 
they discover the barred gates have been torn open 
from the inside. The candles are blown out and the 
statue is gone. The chosen character stands completely 
unharmed, a surprised look on their face. For a brief 
moment, they see a woman’s shape inside the chosen 
one’s body, but the image vanishes. The Chosen does 
not remember anything of what has happened since 
they entered the crypts the previous night.
128
Chapter 6 – To Hell and Back

Through Leningrad
When the PCs leave the cathedral, the Damned Legionaries 
continue to ignore them. The group needs to travel to 
Kalenko’s house in the real Leningrad. There are several 
different ways to do this. They can sneak past the army’s 
postings. They can also try to bluff their way through, 
wearing Red Army uniforms. If they wait until nightfall, an 
inspection group with ten high-ranking officers arrives at 
the cathedral, who can be overpowered and their uniforms 
and equipment taken. This plan requires that at least one 
character who speaks Russian and succeeds with Influ-
ence Other. Otherwise, they cannot get past the numerous 
guard posts.
If they have previously considered other options, the group 
can have asked Selivanova or Chazov for assistance. In 
this case, they have been provided a map of Leningrad’s 
sewer-system. With it, they can enter the tunnels and head 
towards the city center via the underground. They may 
have the idea to break their way through using violence. 
This option will likely end in their deaths or capture. 
Already well-armed, the Red Army can radio in tank and 
helicopter support if necessary, making this an unwise 
approach.
There are fewer guards posted closer to the city center. 
Eventually, all the guards disappear. Reality is starts to 
tear apart around the characters. The past, the present, 
and Inferno are merging before their eyes.
They look out over a city with completely normal sections 
of present-day Leningrad, which gradually shifts into a 
burning, rubble-filled landscape drenched in smoke and ice. 
Every now and then, there are widening cracks into Inferno, 
revealing the three-dimensional labyrinth of blood and pain 
they encountered back in the dream (see p. 67). Bombs from 
1941 explode as, only blocks away, streams of people lei-
surely walk along the warm, autumn streets. Ghostly impres-
sions of Inferno are everywhere, wavering and not entirely 
materialized. People are freezing and starving to death only 
100 meters from the bustling market stands of 1991. Screams 
of tormented souls mesh with children’s laughter.
The ground slowly cracks under the characters’ feet, revealing 
a structure of steel, stone, and blood emerging from beneath 
the streets. Numerous chasms tens of kilometers deep have 
formed. Chagidiel’s Citadel climbs up the chasm walls, accom-
panied by plumes of suffocating smoke.
Piece by piece, present, past, and Inferno are merging into 
one. Complete chaos ensues as Leningrad’s present-day 
inhabitants witness those of 1941 Leningrad, as well as the 
denizens of Inferno. Blind panic erupts as razides and other 
creatures begin openly hunting. Yet, the creatures of Inferno 
specifically avoid the characters, refusing to harm them. The 
characters bear Chagidiel’s Mark and thus belong to him. They 
can help others by hindering the Inferno-creatures 
and ordering them to leave 
the area.
The Black 
Madonna
129
The Madonna Incarnates
6

The Guides
As the realities merge together, all maps are soon rendered 
useless. Even those who have lived in Leningrad before can no 
longer find their way. With no idea where they are, the PCs soon 
realize they can no longer find Kalenko’s palace. Just then, they 
see a distant figure waving to them. Several figures join the first 
one until the characters are surrounded by hundreds of translu-
cent silhouettes. They are the dead children from Dream-Inferno, 
who lead the group towards Kalenko’s house.
They travel through the burning, twisted city in a huge semicir-
cle. The closer they get to the palace, the more present Lenin-
grad fades and 1941 and Inferno take over. Eventually, only 
Leningrad of 1941 and Inferno remain. The children lead them 
all the way to Kalenko’s house. The cold becomes increasingly 
bitter, as the characters find themselves in Leningrad on New 
Year’s Eve, 1941.
Kalenko’s House
The characters recognize the house’s exterior from their 
dream; the same distinctive façade facing Bolshoy Prospekt. 
All the windows are covered by heavy, grey curtains. It is 
impossible to see inside.
In front of the house, the snow is deep and only a narrow, 
well-trodden path leads up to the entrance. Wrapped in 
small blankets, two infants lie in their baskets on the stair, 
frozen and starved to death. A heavy set of doors leads into 
the house. What happens after entering the house depends 
solely on the characters. Events outlined below are provided 
as an example only; the GM can adjust them according to 
the characters’ choices.
Upon entering the house, the characters immediately 
encounter Kalenko and his servants from 1941. The char-
acters are ordered to leave the house. If they refuse, the 
minions open fire. Everyone in the house rushes in and a 
wild combat erupts. The men fight to the death, knowing 
what awaits them should they fail. They believe the PCs are 
Soviet soldiers.
After the combat, the characters are free to search through 
the house undisturbed. The Madonna does not react until 
they encounter Pogodin in the library [3]. All doors into 
the rooms where the children are kept are locked. These 
doors can be opened using a lock-pick or a crowbar and 
a successful roll for Acting Under Pressure or another 
appropriate Advantage. If they start freeing the children, 
Pogodin appears and all hell breaks loose.
Map and Floor Plans 
of Kalenko’s House
GROUND FLOOR
[1] Hall: It appears as it did in the dream, but more 
decayed. Doors open into a dark hall with a low 
ceiling. The wall plaster has flaked away com-
pletely. An oriental rug soiled with filth and dried 
blood lies on the floor. An old, crystal chandelier 
with burning 
candles hangs from the ceiling, casting a ghostly light. 
Paintings of noblemen, Kalenko’s forefathers, line the 
walls. The pictures are blackened, each face twisted as 
if in pain. When the characters look at them, the faces 
appear to move, as if trying to shout something. Stairs 
lead up to another floor, while locked doors on the left 
and right lead to the rest of the house. Straight ahead, 
two doors lead to a huge drawing-room. The air is 
below freezing and stinks of rot and something else. The 
characters are met by a tall, slim man with grey hair and 
a small goatee. It is Nikolay Kalenko, dressed in the same 
dark suit he wore in the dream. Two of Ivan Pogodin’s 
Henchmen are also here.
[2] Lounge: The drawing room was once furnished with 
wall-benches and small tables. The tables and chairs 
have since been removed. A large, crystal chandelier 
hangs from the ceiling. Six of Ivan Pogodin’s Henchmen 
are found here.
[3] Library: The countless books lie scattered on the floor, 
and the bookcases’ glass doors are shattered, covering 
the floor in jagged shards. The shelves are lined with 
the skulls of more than a hundred children. Some are 
polished bone, while others are freshly rotting. Heavy, 
half-torn easy chairs stand in the middle of the room. 
A chandelier burns on the ceiling, but its light does not 
reach the floor. A thick darkness rests over the room, 
no light penetrating it. It is freezing cold. Ivan Pogodin, 
Chagidiel’s Incarnate, waits here for the characters and 
the Black Madonna.
[4] Chamber: The room is devoid of all furniture except for 
a heavy, oak table in one corner and a display casewith a 
broken door. Broken glass and wet blood cover the floor. 
There are ten half-naked, starving children here. They 
crouch around another child, preparing to tear her apart 
and devour her tiny body.
[5] Chamber: Darkness fills the room, obscuring its meager 
contents: two chairs and an end-table. A ruined Persian 
rug covers the floor, soaked in fresh and dried blood. 
Two young boys have been tied up in the easy chairs, 
their rotting bodies missing ragged pieces. There are eight 
children living here.
[6] Chamber: The room’s only furnishing are a moldy chaise 
lounge and another glass display case with a broken 
door. Broken glass and porcelain are scattered across the 
floor. Unnerving patterns line the walls, painted in blood. 
If stared at the patterns appear to shimmer and move. 
Fifteen children reside here, all of them covered with 
infected wounds. Upon inspection, the characters realize 
the children’s wounds match the patterns on the walls.
[7] Lounge: Two soiled couches and eight easy chairs are the 
only furniture. Wooden pieces from two oak tables are 
spread across the floor. Forty starved, half-naked children 
are locked up here, their bodies covered with infected 
wounds. Judging by the overpowering stench, no one has 
opened the door in weeks.
[8] Kitchen: Two of Ivan Pogodin’s Henchmen sit here, gnaw-
ing on something unmentionable. It is filthy and freezing. 
A large, cold iron fireplace dominates the main 
130
Chapter 6 – To Hell and Back

wall. Kalenko’s only surviving 
servant, an emaciated kitchen 
boy, is hunched up and shaking 
on one of the benches.
[9] Pantry: An exact replica of the 
Frankfurt Clinic’s pantry the PCs 
saw in the dream (see Chapter 3). 
However, the body parts here do 
not move.
[10] Servant’s Room: Pogodin’s ser-
vants live in this room, but they 
are currently elsewhere. Four 
dirty hay mattresses lie on the 
floor. Three naked children are 
locked up here, beaten nearly to 
death.
[11] Servant’s Room: Pogodin’s ser-
vants live in this room, but they 
are currently elsewhere. There 
are four dirty hay mattresses lie 
on the floor. Two older children 
are locked up here, bound to 
each other and blackened with 
bruises.
[12] Linen Closet: The house’s linen 
supplies lie scattered on the 
floor. The sheets have been torn 
into long, bandage-like strips.
[13] Supplies: Most of the room’s 
porcelain dishware has been 
smashed. A dead body lays 
amongst the broken splinters, 
cut to pieces. Its head is missing.
[14] ­Tearoom: Three tea tables and accompanying chairs 
furnish the room. Ten bodies have been piled in the far 
corner, each in varying stages of decomposition. Every 
corpse is missing its head.
[15] Reception Room: Two couches and a table stand against 
the wall. Ivan Pogodin’s Henchmen usually relax here, 
staying close to the burning stove. Two half-empty vodka 
glasses sit on the table.
Upper Floor
[1] Hall: Upholstered benches stand against the wall. Dark-
ened, twisted paintings of Kalenko’s forefathers hang 
along the walls. A crystal chandelier has fallen to the floor, 
covering the entire hall in broken shards. A corridor leads 
to a small anteroom outside the dining room. Tables and 
chairs have been knocked over.
[2] Bedroom: This shadowy room once belonged to Yelena, 
Nikolay’s wife. A wide, canopy bed dominates the far wall. 
Forty traumatized children reside here, occupied with beat-
ing and torturing one another under Chagidiel’s influence. 
Two children are already dead and shoved under the bed, 
while three others are so mutilated they won’t survive.
[3] Bathroom: A large stone tub rests against the main wall, 
filled with bloody water. A bloated, headless body lies 
half-submerged in the water.
[4] ­Nursery: 
Three bodies have been thrown among broken furni-
ture and worn toys.
[5] Linen Closet: Linen and crushed porcelain are 
scattered all over the floor. The half-rotted bodies of 
Kalenko’s maidens lay under the debris.
[6] Toilet: An unspeakable mess of vomit and other 
bodily fluids.
[7] Study: An open fireplace stands against one wall. 
Heavy leather-upholstered furniture are arranged 
around low tables. Fifty children have been 
squeezed in here, most of them apathetic and 
hunched up on the grimy floor or on the couches.
[8] Dining Room: The main dining hall. A crystal chan-
delier hangs over a long dinner table with sixteen 
chairs around it. On the walls, unsettling portraits 
seem to shout warnings at the viewer, their faces 
stretching out of the painting. A half-eaten feast sits 
on the table, along with three empty wine bottles.
[9] Bedroom: Previously Alyona’s bedroom, the room 
has remained empty since her disappearance in 
1938. A narrow bed with several dolls sits in the 
corner, coated in dust. A grimy picture of Alyona 
and Katya stands on a small desk. Characters 
recognize the two nepharites from the picture. 
Otherwise, the room is empty.
131
The Madonna Incarnates
6

[10] Bathroom: The room contains a 
small bathtub, an enameled sink, and 
a jug for cleaning. Dried blood stains 
the floor.
[11] Bedroom: Once Katya’s bedroom, it 
contains a narrow bed, a desk, and 
a small tea-table. Katya’s diary lays 
on the bedside table, entries refer-
ring to the increasing madness in 
the household and her own forced 
sex-slavery to Chagidiel’s incarnate, 
ending abruptly on New Year’s Eve, 
1941. Ten apathetic young girls are 
locked up here.
[12] Bedroom: Once Nikolay Kalen-
ko’s bedroom, Ivan Pogodin now 
resides here. A wide, canopy bed 
dominates the main wall, accented 
by a small table and two chairs. 
The walls are drenched in blood. 
Four severely beaten children 
(ages ranging from 10 to 12 years 
old) lay hunched-up and tethered 
near the bed.
[13] Office: Once Nikolay’s private 
office, it is currently used by 
Ivan Pogodin. A heavy desk and 
several archive cabinets fill the 
room. Papers are spilling out of 
the cabinet, torn apart and soiled. 
Mail from the city authorities is 
piled on the desk.
[14] Supplies: Masses of paper, binders and ruined books 
have been dragged into the middle of the floor. Twelve 
mutilated children are kept captive here.
[15] The Secretary’s Room: Kalenko’s secretary once 
resided here; now used by one of Ivan Pogodin’s 
Henchmen. There is a desk and a few shelves.
The Basement
The basement stairs are located in the corridor outside 
the kitchen. They lead deep down to a basement vault 
from the 1700s. A freezing wind gusts up from below. The 
darkness is near absolute, most lights are immediately 
extinguished.
[1] Food Cellar: A well-stocked pantry of vegetables, 
black bread, and salted meats of questionable ori-
gins. The food is in surprisingly good condition.
[2] Wine Cellar: A half-empty wine cellar, its best vin-
tages apparently removed.
[3] Potato Cellar: Once used to store potatoes, the 
room now houses eight children suffering severe 
physical changes. The player characters recognize 
the changes and the behavior from the patients 
encountered in the Frankfurt Clinic’s basement.
[4] Cellars: Pogodin keeps children with serious 
physical changes in these old vaults. They are 
tethered by chains to the walls and floor, attacking 
and screaming in terror if the characters venture too close. 
Characters with Chagidiel’s Mark or who have Enhanced 
Awareness see steel bars instead of the stone floor. 
Beneath them, Chagidiel’s ice-cold Inferno reaches upward. 
Rusted stairs lead down.
[5] Temple: The basement’s largest room, this chamber 
served as Kalenko’s temple dedicated to the Death Angel. 
At first glimpse, the floor appears to be hard-trodden clay. 
However, those who bearing Chagidiel’s Mark or have 
132
Chapter 6 – To Hell and Back

Enhanced Awareness do not see a floor at all. Instead, 
they see a roaring abyss winding its way downward to 
the Death Angel’s Citadel. Burning symbols are carved 
in the very air where the floor should be. There is no 
altar or magic implements, as Kalenko was never a 
magician in the truest sense of the word.
[6] Inner Chamber: A simple stone chamber with an 
earthen floor. As soon as the characters enter, the walls 
disappear to reveal Inferno around them; only earthen 
floor remains. A rusty shovel rests against the wall. 
Kalenko’s wife and two daughters are buried here.
The Battle  
of the Incarnates
When they encounter Pogodin, probably in the library [3], 
the Black Madonna emerges from the Chosen charac-
ter she currently inhabits. As a result, the character 
is freed from Chagidiel’s Mark, but still does not 
remember anything that previously 
occurred in the cathedral’s crypt.
At first, the Black Madonna resem-
bles the statue from below the 
cathedral. Then she grows until she 
appears to be hundreds of meters 
tall, surrounded by an intense light 
making her impossible to directly 
look at.
Simultaneously, Pogodin roars in 
anger and terror, causing the entire 
house to be thrown in chaos. Every 
door and window is obliterated by 
a soundless explosion. All objects 
made of glass and crystal explode 
into a cloud of deadly splinters, 
forcing the characters to dive for 
cover (roll for Avoid Harm; 3 Harm 
from the explosion).
When they look back up again, they see 
the Black Madonna and Chagidiel’s Incarnate 
fighting a spectacular battle. The air itself trembles, 
as the two figures stagger back and forth around 
one another. Unbeknownst to them, the characters 
are visualizing the battle in the only manner their 
minds can fully comprehend, unable to grasp what is 
truly happening. Actually, the Black Madonna is attempt-
ing to tear down Chagidiel’s Citadel in Inferno; the battle taking 
place far beyond Kalenko’s palace. She is blocked by the Death 
Angel’s Incarnate.
The Children are Freed
Kalenko’s house now resides within an enormous hall in Chagidiel’s 
Citadel. The Black Madonna struggles to destroy the palace and its 
surroundings with the Death Angel itself opposing her. It takes up all 
of their attention, so the PCs are effectively ignored.
The characters hear footsteps approaching and see three shadowy 
figures. It is The Three Nepharites, which have stalked them for so 
long. They approach the group in a decisive way, looking gently at 
them – their horrific visages softened, almost human again.
“Fulfill your destinies. Free the children. Our time has 
come,” Alyona says. Then, the trio turn and go to guard 
the house’s front gate, where they await the onrushing 
assault they know will come at Chagidiel’s behest.
The characters should free all the children in the 
house, so that they can expel Chagidiel and get their 
revenge. Having already released the children’s souls 
in the Dream-­Inferno, the characters must now free 
their physical bodies. Through their hellishly traumatic 
experiences, the children have unlocked part of their 
divine potential, achieving an early stage of Awakening. 
Although they possess only a hundredth of their full 
power, the 700 of them combined together can easily 
crush the Death Angel’s Incarnate.
To avoid actually dying, Chagidiel wisely retreats and 
breaks all connections with our reality. The chil-
dren and characters are freed. The nepharites’ 
ties to the Death Angel are also broken, but 
they are still damned. The characters see 
the gates to Kalenko’s house 
collapse, and a living wave of 
creatures from Inferno pour 
in. With the roar of tens of 
thousands of throats, the 
malformed creatures attack 
in wave after wave. For the 
moment, they are held back 
by the three nepharites, who 
use their unique abilities to 
the fullest potential.
The GM should maintain a 
sense of urgency throughout 
the scene. The PCs only have a 
couple of minutes to free the 
children before it is too late. 
They must run through the 
house, as if their lives depended 
on it (they do). If they require 
‘encouragement,’ the GM can have a 
razide break through and hunt them.
When all the children are freed, everything 
goes unnaturally quiet. The children come out 
of their rooms, looking at each other and the 
characters. Their faces light up with understand-
ing, only to be replaced with inhuman anger. The 
children turn away from the characters and stream out 
of the house, where the creatures from Inferno hastily 
step aside. Their tiny bodies begin to warp and change 
until they are no longer human.
Beyond the gates, the battle halts and a roar of mad terror 
erupts, shaking all of Inferno. If the characters rush out-
side – or go to a window – they see Pogodin being torn 
to pieces by the children. Even the Black Madonna flees 
from children’s wrath. They ignore her, and she fades and 
disappears.
What the characters perceive as the children tearing Pogo-
din to pieces is actually them destroying the Death Angel’s 
Citadel. Faced with the very real risk of being obliterated, 
Chagidiel wisely chooses to retreat, breaking all connec-
tions with our reality.
133
The Madonna Incarnates
6

Slowly, normal reality is reestablished. Inferno, the 
present, and the past are separated from one another. 
Leningrad and Kalenko’s house materialize slowly 
around the characters.
With that, the children and the characters are freed. The 
characters are cured from the parasitic infection and all 
physical damage from it vanishes. The children look up 
at them one last time, offering their thanks before dis-
appearing to seek their own destinies. They slowly fade 
away and their sweet laughter, hardened but less cruel, 
can be heard at a distance, even after they vanish.
The characters have returned to Leningrad. The house is 
empty; no signs of the children remain. There are only des-
iccated bodies where Pogodin’s minions fell. The windows 
and doors of the house are intact.
When the group turns around, they see 
The Three Nepharites standing behind 
them. The trio has a terrified Kalenko 
with them. “Leave this house. 
It’s over for you now,” Katya 
says. The nepharites 
usher the characters out 
onto the noisy Bolshoy 
Avenue in 1991. The gates 
shut behind them. They 
hear Kalenko’s horrified 
screams for a moment 
before traffic noise 
drowns them out.
GM Note: If the characters 
are stubborn enough to obey 
Chezenko and do not free 
the children, the nepharites 
try to convince them at any 
cost. If characters still refuse, 
the nepharites step aside 
and allow the creatures from 
inferno to pour into the house. 
The Black Madonna temporarily drives 
the Death Angel from Leningrad to Inferno. 
When Pogodin is defeated, the Madonna rises 
from the shaft and disappears, abandoning the 
PCs in Inferno. Chuckling, the nepharites explain 
they are now Chagidiel’s property, and drag them 
off to eternal torment.
The Calm 
after the Storm
After the PCs free the children and expel Chagidiel, Leningrad 
slowly returns to normal. Reality reestablishes itself in the city, 
as the present, the past, and Inferno separate from each other. 
Chagidiel’s Citadel is the first thing to fade away. The cracks in the 
streets close up and the creatures of Inferno disappear. The rhythmic 
thumping from the underground recedes and then stops completely. 
The city’s inhabitants mentally repress everything they’d just expe-
rienced in Inferno, dismissing it as a waking nightmare. Martial law 
is lifted, as the cholera-threat is reported to be over. 
Soon, nothing remains of the grim events.
The black cathedral in Kaptyeno stands empty, leaving 
no traces of Chezenko or Selivanova. The two lictors 
ignore the characters, but do not forget they disobeyed 
their orders regarding the children. The characters are 
unceremoniously deported back to Germany.
Although they have all their belongings and money, 
the characters have made powerful enemies in Ger-
many, making it a wise move to leave the country. No 
traces of the parasitic infection remain. The tumorous 
growth of Chagidiel’s Mark has gone. The Death Angel 
has withdrawn completely from our world – at least, 
for the time being.
Epilogue
The waves are gently lapping against 
the shore at Kondoi Beach. The sun 
is setting and the evening light 
colors the sea crimson. A few cou-
ples are sitting on blankets along 
the beach, taking in the beautiful 
scenery. You take a sip of your 
drink and feel calm and at ease, 
finally. No traces of the infection, 
or the Mark you received, remain. 
The nights are yours again, placid 
dreams replacing the nightmares 
– at least those that were supernat-
urally inflicted. Your therapist says 
the others will fade in time.
You have made many power-
ful enemies. You are hunted 
by forces set on exacting 
their revenge. But for now, 
Taketomi Island is a world away from 
Kartenaustraße.
You walk down to the water. It’s still warm. 
The sun is all but gone now and the couples are 
starting to pack up and leave. You remain for a 
while longer. That’s when you notice something in 
the water in front of you. A black porcelain doll, floating 
just beneath the surface. The memories come rushing 
in, hitting you all at once, and you close your eyes.
When you open them again you are standing in a white 
landscape, surrounded by fog. You glimpse low hills on 
the horizon and a lonely tree rises on the hillside before 
you. You have been here before. The man is here, he 
is sitting by the tree on the hill, leaning against the 
weathered tree trunk.
“They will find you, you know. What if I told you that 
you could stay here? That together we could rebuild the 
city. That we could create a new world here. A world 
that never ends?” He stretches out his hand and offers 
it to you.
What do you do?
134
Chapter 6 – To Hell and Back

FOR CHARACTERS 
THAT ACCEPT THE DREAM 
WANDERER’S OFFER:
You take his hand and start walking. The fog 
envelops you. You feel excited and elated. You 
have so very much to do, and all the time in 
the world to do it.
FOR CHARACTERS 
THAT CHOOSE TO 
REMAIN IN ELYSIUM:
You open your eyes again. You are alone on 
Kondoi Beach. Almost three decades have 
passed. You’ve aged well, despite having 
to constantly look over your shoulder. 
Several attempts on your life have been 
made, keeping you perpetually on edge. 
Loved ones you thought you could 
protect perished. Yet you survive. Strug-
gling to survive just one more day.
It was a golden opportunity. An oppor-
tunity to welcome the newly born 
republics and states of the former 
Soviet Union into the international 
community, into the European 
family. To approach the fall of com-
munism with compassion. Instead, 
a vindictive indifference dispelled 
all that. Chaos, shock therapy, 
hyperinflation, and corruption 
on a massive scale reshaped the 
new Russian Federation. Now, 
the chickens have come home 
to roost, as it were.
You glance down on your 
smartphone. 10:00 a.m. The 
Victory Day parade is about 
to begin. The sky is grey. Red 
Square is filled with atten-
dants. Loud hurrahs shared 
by thousands of soldiers. 
Tanks, anti-aircraft batter-
ies, and mobile nuclear 
missile-launchers parade 
in front of stern looking 
men. Did anything 
really change?
You look at the smart-
phone again.
Your eyes meet hers.
She nods to you.
It is time.
135
Epilogue
6

Appendix
IMPORTANT NPCS
Alexi Blobel (p. 137)
Krister Blühme (p. 137)
Ivan Chezenko (p. 138)
Leonard Freude (p. 138)
Pyotr Gallentinov (p. 139)
Fyodor Gregoritch (p. 139)
Nigel Harcombe (p. 140)
Alfred Hausser (p. 140)
Siegfried Hinderman (p. 141)
Nikolay Kalenko (p. 141)
Filip Kramer (p. 142)
Helga Krausst (p. 142)
Colonel Roman Leskov 
(p. 142)
Anton Mahler (p. 143)
Reinhold Messner (p. 144)
Magda Orlova (p. 144)
Aleksandr “Sasha” Pogodin 
(p. 144)
Ivan Pogodin (p. 145)
Hans Georg Richter (p. 146)
Dr. Helmut Schafer (p. 146)
Heidi Schmidt (p. 147)
Albert Schossel (p. 147)
Zoya Selivanova (p. 148)
General Strelkov (p. 148)
Dr. Natalya Tatlina (p. 149)
Ilya Topov (p. 150)
Ernst Vogel (p. 150)
The Wanderer (p. 151)
The Three Nepharites (p. 152)
Alyona (p. 152)
Katya (p. 152)
Yelena (p. 153)
PEOPLE 
AND CREATURES
Black Berets (p. 154)
Blobel’s Henchmen (p. 154)
Boy Legionaries (p. 155)
Coldsouls (p. 155)
Damned Legionaries (p. 156)
Dobermans (p. 156)
Dream-Cannibals (p. 156)
Dream-Cook (p. 157)
Dream-Creature (p. 157)
Dream-Incarnate of Chagidiel 
(p. 158)
Dream-Orderlies (p. 158)
German Police (p. 159)
Guards (p. 159)
Harcombe’s Novices (p. 160)
Ivan Pogodin’s Henchmen 
(p. 160)
KGB Commandos (p. 160)
Living Dead (p. 161)
Medical Orderlies (p. 161)
Members of Slava (p. 162)
Missile Base Engineers 
(p. 162)
Neo-Nazis (p. 162)
Parent Creatures (p. 163)
Quisquilles (p. 163)
Sasha Pogodin’s Bodyguards 
(p. 164)
Soldiers (p. 164)
Twisted Mental Patients 
(p. 165)
Additional 
Rules
OPEN 
LOCKED DOORS
To open locked doors, the character requires 
tools, like a crowbar or lockpicks, and the appro-
priate skills. If they can proceed without any 
pressure or time constraints, they succeed without 
rolls. If there are pressures like possible witnesses, 
guards, or an alarm, the player rolls for Act Under 
Pressure or an appropriate Advantage to open the 
locks.
••The Art of Dreaming
When you affect changes in your lucid dream, roll 
+Soul. The changes are normally minor and fleet-
ing, and affect only one aspect.
(15+) Choose 3 options.
(10–14) Choose 2 options.
(–9) You lack control over the dream. The GM 
makes a soft or hard move.
Options:
◊◊Transform an object.
◊◊Your changes are permanent until the dream 
ends.
◊◊Your changes affect something large or a num-
ber of things.
◊◊Transform yourself.
◊◊Transform another being.
◊◊Create something from nothing (a single small, 
fleeting thing not bigger than what a person can 
lift and carry).
◊◊Bring someone into the Dream (has to be some-
one you have had physical contact with in the 
past). [optional]
136
Appendix

Important NPCs
Alexi Blobel
Leader of the three Russians’ foot soldiers, Alexi is an upstart 
from Berlin’s underworld. A couple of years ago he came from 
Leningrad, where he handled black-market trade for Sasha 
Pogodin. Now, he heads Sasha’s criminal rackets, collecting 
protection money, loan sharking, and doing enforcer jobs. The 
three Russians have ordered him and his men to remove the 
characters.
Alexi is a small, weaselly man with greasy black hair and brown 
eyes. He suffers a skin disease, which makes his face red and 
swollen. He dresses in a black leather coat and a broad-brimmed 
hat.
Personality: Alexi is completely ruthless. He is out for money 
at any cost, and will do anything as long as the pay is right. 
He has stern facial features and a cold, impersonal voice. It is 
impossible to determine his real personality.
Playing Tips: Stroke your hand lightly over the top of the 
head, as if to adjust your hair. Speak in a coarse voice. 
Chain-smoke and stub out cigarettes on the tabletop. Blow 
smoke in the face of the one you are talking to.
Equipment: Bullet-proof vest, Skorpion machine pistol 
with 3 spare magazines, stiletto, knuckle-duster, handcuffs, 
lock-picks.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Abilities
◊◊Unemotional: All rolls to Read a Person against Alexi 
have −2.
Combat [4], Influence [2], Magic [–].
Combat [Powerful]
◊◊Knock-out punch.
◊◊Attack several enemies at 
the same time.
◊◊Throw someone to the 
ground.
◊◊Knife to the throat.
Influence [Novice]
◊◊Leader of underlings.
◊◊Threaten someone, directly or by entailments.
Attacks
Alexi fights with viciousness and lightning speed; oppo-
nents who misjudges him because of Alexis’s small size 
will regret it.
Knuckle-duster: Combo [2] [Distance: arm]; Knock-out 
punch [2] [Distance: arm, victim unconscious, a character 
must choose knocked out on a miss on Endure Injury].
Stiletto: Stab [2] [Distance: arm]; Fast cuts [1] [Distance: 
arm, attacks up to 3 enemies within Distance]; Knife to 
the throat [–] [Distance: arm, victim trapped, a missed 
escape results in 2 Harm].
Skorpion (submachine gun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: 
room]; Full auto [2] [Distance: room, may hit up to 2 
targets but empties magazine].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Armor: Bulletproof vest [1] [protects the wearer from bullets]
Wounds:  
◊◊Grazed.
◊◊Dazed.
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Death.
Krister Blühme
Blühme is one of Germanische Gemeinschaft’s senior members, 
ranked below Leonard Freude and Ernst Vogel. Krister usually 
holds the responsibility of guarding prisoners at the organiza-
tion’s headquarters. Blühme is a large man in his 40s with a red 
crew cut, stern face, and hard eyes. He wears wrinkled, stonewashed 
jeans, steel-tipped boots, and a German army jacket like many of the 
younger members in the organization. He radiates with violence.
Personality: Blühme joined Germainische Gemeinschaft for the 
love of fist-fighting. He gratefully accepts new challenges and 
wouldn’t mind bashing some intruders’ heads in. Blühme hates 
everyone that isn’t white, German, and sympathetic to the cause. 
Journalists, left-wing politicians, feminists, people of color, and 
other enemies of the German race are fair game for him.
Playing Tips: Smile viciously and stare into the player’s eyes 
while clenching your fists.
Equipment: Knuckle-duster, steel-toe boots, two H&K VP70Z 
(handgun) in a dual shoulder holster.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Abilities
◊◊Fist-fighter: All unarmed attacks deal +1 Harm.
Combat [3], Influence [2], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Disarm an opponent.
◊◊Burst into extreme violence 
against someone.
◊◊Head-butt someone (Avoid 
Harm to dodge).
Influence [Weak]
◊◊Disclose something about Germanische Gemeinschaft.
Attacks
Blühme loves a good fight and is likely to burst into violence, 
even if slightly provoked. He only relents when faced with 
death. Blühme spares defeated intruders, but hands them over 
to Vogel if they have acted suspiciously; otherwise, he lets 
junior members throw them out on the street.
Unarmed: Head-butt [2] [Distance: arm, Avoid Harm to 
dodge]; Disarm [–] [Distance: arm, targeted weapon gets 
ripped out of attacker’s grip].
Knuckle-duster: Punch [2] [Distance: arm].
Steel-tipped boots: Kick [2] [Distance: arm].
H&K VP70Z (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying.
◊◊Dead.
137
Important NPCs

Ivan Chezenko
Ivan is dressed in a black priest’s robe. He appears to be around 
50 years old. He is short and skinny with greying hair. He looks 
very healthy and well-kept, speaking in a mild and peaceful 
voice. In truth, he is a lictor. To those able to See Through 
the Illusion, Ivan appears to be a naked, 2.5-meters-tall, and 
grotesquely fat creature with long, blue-black nails and a thick 
tongue, which hangs down over his belly. His mouth is edged 
with small razor-sharp teeth. His skin is pale and translucent, 
and purple organs pulsate under the skin. His voice is coarse and 
threatening.
Personality: Chezenko is blindly loyal to Binah and the 
Demiurge’s plan for humanity. He despises people and sees 
himself as an elevated creature.
Playing Tips: Speak in friendly tones and frequently smile, 
playing the role of a gentle priest. Fold your hands and press 
them against your chest. Change your play-style completely 
when speaking to those who can see Chezenko in his lictor 
shape. Your voice becomes coarse, and you might place 
your hands on the table like claws and wet your mouth.
Equipment: Black priest robe, staff.
Home: Leningrad (Elysium).
Creature Type: Lictor serving the Archon Binah.
Abilities
◊◊Armor of Binah: Takes no damage from weapons and 
creatures from Elysium. [Nepharites, Incarnates, razides, 
and similar creatures ignore Armor of Binah].
◊◊Thick skin: All Harm taken is reduced by −1.
◊◊Gigantic: Cannot be grappled or knocked over in 
close-combat. Successful melee attacks always cause 
the target to be knocked over.
◊◊Monstrous form: Those who see Ivan’s true-form must 
Keep it Together to not panic.
Combat [3], Influence [5], Magic [4].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Knock someone over.
◊◊Grapple and hold someone.
◊◊Move long distances with a leap.
Influence [Exceptional]
◊◊Offer favor to someone else in exchange for influence 
over them.
◊◊Threaten someone, outright or through veiled 
implications.
◊◊Discover someone’s secrets.
◊◊Know secrets of the supernatural.
◊◊Stealthily manipulate individuals/groups/organizations.
Magic [Powerful]
◊◊Commanding voice.
◊◊Read someone’s thoughts.
◊◊Manipulate the surrounding environment.
◊◊Master (IV) in the Lore of Madness.
Attacks
Ivan fights with his bare hands and uses his inhuman strength 
and speed to surprise his opponents, in combination with magic 
attacks – bending reality or opponents under Ivan’s Commanding 
voice.
Unarmed: Grapple and hold [1] [Distance: arm, Act Under Pres-
sure to get loose]; Crush [3] [Distance: arm, target must be held]; 
Throw back [2] [Distance: arm, target is thrown several meters]; 
Punch [2] [Distance: arm].
Magic: Manipulate the Illusion [2] [Distance: field, area]; Com-
manding voice [–] [Distance: room, target must Keep it Together 
or follow Ivan’s order]; Read thoughts [–] [Distance: room, target 
must Keep it Together or truthfully answer 2 questions].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Ignore the injuries.
◊◊Turn his focus on the most recent attacker and ignore the 
others.
◊◊In an uncontrollable rage, tears up aspects of the sur-
rounding environment via Manipulate the Illusion; all 
opponents must Avoid Harm.
◊◊Black blood oozes from an open wound.
◊◊The attack cuts open his giant belly, releasing a disgusting 
smell.
◊◊Ivan immediately assaults his attacker with an angry roar 
(Avoid Harm).
◊◊Ivan escapes, melting through any obstacles, such as 
walls.
◊◊The lictor is dazed and momentarily slowed (+1 to attack 
Ivan).
◊◊Ivan dies.
Leonard Freude
Leonard has been a member of Germanische Gemeinschaft 
since the late-1970s, building a great career within the move-
ment. He was its undisputed leader until Ernst Vogel showed 
up. The razide quickly and brutally made it clear to Leon-
ard he could either cooperate or suffer never-ending pain. 
Leonard chose to cooperate. Since 1981, he has been Vogel’s 
right-handman and reluctant lover. He handles daily matters 
within the movement, forwarding Vogel’s orders. Leonard is 
the only one in Germanische Gemeinschaft – except the clerk, 
Heidi Schmidt – who has seen Vogel’s true shape and knows 
what he is.
Leonard Freude is 33 years old. He dresses in simple uniform 
pants, a black shirt with folded sleeves, and black gloves. He 
has short black hair, and dark, desolate eyes. If, for some reason, 
the PCs see him naked, they see that his body is covered with 
scars and wounds of various sizes. Someone with the least bit of 
empathy will notice that he is overwrought with terror, despair, 
and hatred.
Personality: Leonard is full of hatred towards the razide. He 
directs his hatred against everything and everyone around 
him, except for Vogel himself. He looks for faults in every-
one and places them in situations where he can hurt them.
138
Appendix

Playing Tips: Straighten your clothes continually. Keep 
your head high and stroke your hair. Avoid eye-contact 
with anyone you speak to, but talk decisively and harshly.
Equipment: Dagger, Knuckle-duster, Walther P88 (hand-
gun), extra magazine
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [3], Influence [3], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Pin down with gunfire [Act Under Pressure to regain 
mobility].
◊◊Aim at weak spot [ignores armor].
◊◊Take cover [+2 Armor].
Influence [Considerable]
◊◊Interrogate someone.
◊◊Give someone an order.
◊◊Use criminal contacts.
Attacks
Freude is a tactical combatant who prefers fighting when the 
odds are in his favor. He doesn’t take unnecessary risks and 
confronts intruders when backed up by neo-Nazis, senior 
members, or Vogel. If attacked directly, Freude surrenders 
when critically wounded or faced with unbeatable odds.
Knucke-duster: Punch [1] [Distance: arm].
Dagger: Stab at weak spot [2] [Distance: arm, ignores armor].
Walther P88 (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]; Pin 
down [–] [Distance: room, Act Under Pressure to regain mobil-
ity]; Aim at weak spot [2] [Distance: room, ignores armor].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratched.
◊◊Hurt but alive.
◊◊Critically wounded.
◊◊Dead.
Pyotr Gallentinov
Pyotr is a tormented man in his 50s. He is tall and slightly over-
weight with grey hair and an eagle-sharp nose. His eyes are brown 
and constantly staring. He wears a white hospital gown, tied in the 
back, and has a patient’s bracelet around his wrist. His pupils are 
somewhat larger than they should be, indicating that he is drugged.
Personality: Pyotr is basically good-hearted and helpful, but he is 
completely lost in his own trauma-wracked brain. It is difficult to 
get him to make sense.
Playing Tips: Wrap your arms around yourself and stare into the 
distance with big eyes. Sway gently back and forth. Say peculiar 
things that are totally out of context. Quietly count items around 
you.
Home: Frankfurt Clinic (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [–], Influence [–], Magic [2].
Magic [Novice]
◊◊Sense someone’s true nature.
◊◊Manipulate dreams.
Attacks
Pyotr is unable to attack or defend himself. 
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying.
◊◊Dead.
Fyodor Gregoritch
Dr. Fyodor Gregoritch is now the head of Slava’s research 
department, after the former leader, Dr. Vsevolod Kustodiev, dis-
appeared at the same time General Strelkov took over the Slava 
leadership. Dr. Gregoritch is secretly a loyal servant of the Death 
Angel, Chagidiel, chosen for his sadistic inclinations. He is a pale, 
fat, bald, and short man with a skin condition and glasses set in a 
thick frame. He wears a soiled, grey coat over his suit. He has a slight 
limp in his left leg.
Personality: Gregoritch is fanatically loyal to Chagidiel. He 
ignores Slava’s nationalism and is only interested in pain 
and suffering. His empathy for other living beings is virtually 
nonexistent.
Playing Tips: Avoid expressing any feelings. Talk impersonally.
Equipment: Makarov (handgun), doctors bag, keys to the test 
subject’s rooms (see Slava’s Headquarters [7, 8, and 9], Upper 
floor) and the medicine cabinet in the big laboratory (see Sla-
va’s Headquarters [15], Upper floor).
Home: Moscow (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [1], Influence [3], Magic [2].
Combat [Weak]
◊◊Draw a gun on someone.
Influence [Considerable]
◊◊Disclose information about Slava.
◊◊Find someone’s medical records.
◊◊Know something about the occult.
Magic [Novice]
◊◊Sense someone’s tendency for violence and death.
◊◊Journeyman (II) in the Lore of Death.
Attacks
Dr. Gregorich have a worn Makarov pistol in his coat, which 
he draws if he feel threatened.
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Critically injured.
◊◊Dead.
139
Important NPCs

Nigel Harcombe
Nigel Harcombe’s real name is Jonathan Westlake. He was born 
to a noble family in southern England in the 16th century. He 
started experimenting with black magic early on, after becoming 
orphaned when he was 14 years old. He gained the majority of 
his knowledge from an escaped nepharite, who was given a free 
haven in his house. By the time he was 30 years old, he became 
a competent magician in the Lore of Death. When he reached 
the age of 70, he performed a ritual to exchange his body with a 
young nobleman from London in order to extend his natural life. 
He has used this method repeatedly to survive until present day.
Harcombe now appears like a slim man in his mid-40s with a solid 
nose and light, short hair. His latest body-exchange was with an 
American musician in 1968. He usually dresses in black-or grey 
leather pants and loudly-colored silk shirts. No matter which body 
he resides in, he suffers a bruised swelling around his neck, a physi-
cal change he received after strangling his first victim.
Although he has only worn this body since the late-1960s, Har-
combe is currently wanted in England and France in connec-
tion to several ritual murders. He does not like changing bodies 
unless absolutely necessary and, therefore, fled to East Ger-
many instead of stealing another new body. When Interpol’s 
tentacles reached him in Germany, he fled to the Soviet Union. 
Now he is seriously considering changing bodies to escape 
pursuit. He is very picky and has spent a couple of weeks 
searching for a suitable host body when the PCs come in con-
tact with him. He frequents bars and clubs at night, looking for 
an acceptable victim.
Nigel Harcombe has a strong Magical Intuition. If he sees the 
PCs, he intuitively knows they possess a special destiny. He 
investigates them out of pure curiosity and is very willing to 
contact them.
Personality: Nigel is interested in two things: broader mag-
ical knowledge and eternal life. He is prepared to sacrifice 
everything to achieve these. He is positively phobic of death 
and avoids all risky situations.
Playing Tips: Rub your thumb against your fingertips on 
your right hand. Try to appear slightly distant. Speak with a 
mild, ingratiating voice. Rub your hand against your neck, as 
if the swelling is itching.
Equipment: Golden Browning Hi-Power handgun, three 
extra magazines, private notebook.
Magic: Lore of Death, Lore of Time and Space.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature: Human Death Magician in service of the Death 
Angel, Chagidiel.
Combat [1], Influence [3], Magic [5].
Combat [Weak]
◊◊Suppressive fire [Act Under Pressure to move].
Influence [Powerful]
◊◊Reveal something about Strelkov’s plans.
◊◊Leader of Death magic novices.
◊◊Contacts with occultists.
Magic [Exceptional]
◊◊Master (IV) in the Lore of Death.
◊◊Adept (III) in the Lore of Time and Space.
◊◊Create portals between places.
◊◊Sense danger.
◊◊Transfer into a new human body.
Attacks
Harcombe can sense incoming danger and avoids all 
life-threatening situations by traveling through Time and Space 
portals. His phobia of dying have make the magician weary 
of any threat and he always has a portal to escape through in 
his vicinity. If confronted, Harcombe only fights to enable his 
escape.
Unarmed: Push [1] [Distance: arm].
Browning Hi-Power (handgun): Suppressing fire [1] [Distance: 
room, Act Under Pressure to move].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
Alfred Hausser
The policeman Alfred Hausser is a muscular man in his mid-
30s. He has short brown hair with traces of grey and a short 
beard. His eyes are brown. He is dressed in jeans, sneakers, 
and a blue shirt. When the PCs find him, he is beaten bloody 
and has a broken nose and arm.
Personality: Alfred is loyal to the police department and 
his work, but often chooses to go his own way. He is very 
hot-tempered and brash. He is furious with Germanische 
Gemeinschaft and constantly risks losing his temper com-
pletely, especially now.
Playing Tips: Rub your left arm, as if it hurts. Screw up 
one of your eyes, as if it is swollen shut. Act as if you are 
in constant pain. Speak with a thick, German accent and 
swear a lot.
Equipment: The bloodstained clothes he is wearing. 
Alfred’s SIG Sauer P225 (handgun) is in Germanische 
Gemeinschaft’s armory.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [2], Influence [2], Magic [–].
Combat [Novice]
◊◊Supporting fire (+1 to the next roll for character).
◊◊Join a coordinated attack (one character get +1 
Harm to next attack).
Influence [Novice]
◊◊Tell something about the police investigation on the 
Germanische Gemeinschaft.
◊◊Help out with the police.
140
Appendix

Attacks
Alfred’s wounds hinder him from fighting at full 
capacity. If the PCs give him a handgun, he can support 
them in the Germanische Gemeinschaft headquarter, but 
only does so if they uphold the law. Alfred defends him-
self with lethal force, but tries to subdue and arrest the 
neo-Nazis.
(if given) Handgun: Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Bleeding.
◊◊Unconscious.
◊◊Dead.
Siegfried Hinderman
Siegfried is a well-kempt man in his 60s. He is well-trained 
and tanned. His hair is colored, except for a couple of grey 
streaks near the temples. He dresses in white suits and dis-
likes getting dirty. He is constantly accompanied by two 
bodyguards, with the same statistics as the Guards by 
the storage and the drug factory (see p. 159).
Personality: Siegfried is greedy and ruthless. He tries 
to maintain a well-kept façade. It is important for him 
to have an elevated position in “regular” society. It 
would be a disaster for him if he was exposed as a 
drug-dealer and kicked out of the Freemasons. As a 
politician, he is friendly, polite, and well-mannered. As 
a drug-boss, he lets the mask slip and becomes brutal.
Playing Tips: As a politician, Siegfried poses with 
a wide smile, speaks with a friendly voice, tells bad 
jokes, and flirts with women in the group. As a drug-
leader, he is ice cold, constantly threatens abuse and 
murder, and considers the player characters with open 
contempt.
Equipment: Locked briefcase with today’s docu-
ments, two guards (see Guards, p. 159), silver-plated 
Walther PPK in shoulder holster, key to the office safe 
(see Toxic Café, p. 95).
Magic: None.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Combat [2], Influence [4], Magic [–].
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Higher Power: Hinderman sold his soul 
to Ernst Vogel and is now his unwilling servant.
Combat [Novice]
◊◊Flee from conflict.
◊◊Take cover [+2 Armor].
Influence [Powerful]
◊◊Send torpedos (see Guards, p. 159).
◊◊Threaten someone, indirectly or directly.
◊◊Leader of drug factory.
◊◊Use political influence to affect someone.
Attacks
Hinderman is a stone-cold killer, 
relying on ruthlessness to scare his enemies into submissions. When 
faced with true opposition Hinderman flees, avenging his defeat later.
Unarmed: Punch [1] [Distance: arm].
Walther PPK (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Grazed.
◊◊Flees bleeding.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
Nikolay Kalenko
Kalenko has lived an eternity as Chagidiel’s servant. He still has his for-
mer appearance: A tall, thin man in his 40s with greying hair and a small 
goatee. He is dressed in a crumpled dark suit and a blood-stained shirt.
Personality: Very little of the former Kalenko remains. He is a fawn-
ing, drooling slave who does anything to please his master.
Playing Tips: Hunch over so you almost fold in half. Look up from 
below and speak with a pleasant, subordinate voice. Rub your hands 
against each other.
Equipment: Hidden knife.
Home: Leningrad (Elysium/Inferno).
Creature Type: Human Death Magician, bound to Chagidiel.
Combat [1], Influence [2], Magic [3].
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Higher Power: Kalenko is the Death Angel Chagidiel’s 
loyal servant.
Combat [Weak]
◊◊Draw a hidden knife.
Influence [Novice]
◊◊Tell the truth about his family.
◊◊Tell convincing lies.
Magic [Weak]
◊◊Adept (III) in the Lore of Death.
◊◊Conjure at creature from Inferno.
◊◊Tell about Inferno.
Attacks
Kalenko only serves Chagidiel’s will and doesn’t care what 
suffering he must endure to receive his master’s pleasure. 
He fights, lies, and begs for the PCs to leave his house.
Unarmed: Punch [1] [Distance: arm].
Knife: Stab [2] [Distance: arm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
141
Important NPCs

Filip Kramer
Filip is the most shabby of the three Russians. He has been using heroin 
since the 1960s, only with a few minor breaks. He is tall and very skinny 
with tangled grey hair and sheepish facial features. He dresses in black gabar-
dine pants and polo shirts of eastern state design.
In the early-1980s, Filip rose as the leader for a group of Satanists in East 
Berlin. When the Berlin Wall fell, he conflicted with Satanists from West 
Germany, who were hoping to control the groups in the East. This con-
flict between the groups continues and Filip is very strained. He has also 
been severely unsettled by his nightmares and returning memories.
Personality: Filip is the least polished of the three Russians. He has 
been haunted by nightmares and anxiety since childhood. Of the three, 
he has the most vivid memories from the period in Kalenko’s house. 
His destructive relationship with Magda Orlova is an attempt to handle 
this. He finally found a way to bind and control his anxieties through 
magic. He is passionately interested in magic and believes his magical 
abilities can save him from his devastating destiny, which he senses 
quickly approaching.
Playing Tips: Shake your head as if throwing back your long hair. Let 
the corner of your mouth twitch sporadically. Let your eyes flicker 
and speak nervously.
Equipment: Makarov, old Nazi dagger, smaller occult items.
Magic: Lore of Dreams, Lore of Death.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human Death Magician, unknowingly bound to 
Chagidiel.
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Higher Power: Filip is possessed by one of Chagi-
diel’s Incarnates.
Combat [3], Influence [3], Magic [4].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Fast draw (acting under pressure to react).
◊◊Rip someone up.
◊◊Hate Christians, Jews, and Muslims, and does +1 Harm to 
them.
Influence [Considerable]
◊◊Informal leader of the Slavic Association.
◊◊Leader of the Satanists of East Berlin.
◊◊Extensive knowledge of occult societies.
Magic [Powerful]
◊◊Adept (III) in the of the Lore of Death.
◊◊Journeyman (II) in the of the Lore of Dream.
◊◊Create a Living Dead servant (see p. 161).
◊◊Wander through Limbo or Inferno.
Attacks
Filip fights dishonorably and tries to take his opponents 
by surprise. If the opponents are numerous or heavily 
armed, he ures the opponents into a trap – using his 
Living Dead – while he escapes.
Dagger: Stab [2] [Distance: arm]; Rip [3] [Distance: arm].
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Grazed.
◊◊Flees bleeding.
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
Helga Krausst
Helga is a heavily-built blonde woman in her 20s. She has 
a broad smile and happy eyes. She dresses in caftans and 
other loose, prettily-patterned clothes. She is the secretary 
for the Slavic Association and is interested in occult-
ism, but does not know anything about the negative 
activities and aspects which Anton, Sasha, and Filip are 
meddling with.
Personality: Helga is enthusiastic and happy, although 
somewhat naive. She sees nothing evil in anyone and 
views all horrible incidents simply as unfortunate misun-
derstandings. This ability has allowed her to work at the 
Slavic Association for two years without perceiving what 
has been going on “backstage.” She talks non-stop about 
ten different things in chaotic order and tries to be helpful. 
If the characters tell her about their problems, she imme-
diately tries to help them, but everyone she knows will be 
told whatever the PCs shared with her.
Playing Tips: Gesticulate and talk a lot and enthusiastically. 
Smile and laugh freely.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [–], Influence [1], Magic [–].
Influence [Weak]
◊◊Know something about the Slavic Association.
Attacks
Helga is not used to violence and reacts to it with fear and 
submission.
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
Colonel Roman Leskov
Roman Leskov was leader for Slava up until General Strelkov’s 
arrival. He provided the organization its militaristic leanings during 
the 1980s, and made sure its influence spread all over Russia. 
Leskov’s name remains the one most people associate with Slava.
Colonel Leskov still functions as the organization’s day-to-day 
leader. Strelkov has moved into a missile base on the countryside 
and only gives sporadic orders. Leskov continues expanding the 
organization and recruiting new members. He is a tall man with a 
compact body and short, light hair, and blue eyes. He dresses in uniform 
and is always armed.
142
Appendix

Personality: Roman Leskov firmly believes 
in Slava. He believes the military is the only 
thing able to save Russia. After he was flung 
into Inferno and felt the Chagidiel’s power, 
he also believes the Death Angel is the only 
one who can help Slava and the military save 
Russia. Leskov has repressed most of the 
events in Inferno and functions almost like 
normal.
Playing Tips: Look directly into the eyes of 
people you speak to and provide direct, short 
answers. Do not speak unless necessary.
Equipment: AKM, 2 extra magazines, Makarov, 
1 extra magazine, Kevlar vest, Uniform.
Home: Moscow (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Higher Power: Leskov is bound the 
Death Angel, Chagidiel.
Combat [3], Influence [4], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Take cover in a tactical position.
◊◊Pin down with gunfire.
◊◊Call for reinforcements.
Influence [Powerful]
◊◊Deputy leader of Slava.
◊◊Send Red Army soldiers after someone.
◊◊Influence the Russian army.
◊◊Interrogate someone (Keep it Together to 
resist).
Attacks
Colonel Leskov is an experienced military leader 
who acts calmly and tactically while in combat. He 
tries to utilize the surrounding environment against 
his opponents and uses his soldiers to gain any 
advantage.
Unarmed: Punch [1] [Distance: arm].
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
AKM (assault rifle): Controlled fire [3] [Distance: room/
field]; Full auto [3] [Distance: room, field, attacks up to 
three targets in close vicinity to each other].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Armor: Kevlar vest [1] [protects the wearer from bullet 
wounds]
Wounds:  
◊◊Grazed.
◊◊Dazed (+1 to next roll against Leskov).
◊◊Bleeding.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
Anton Mahler
Anton is a fit and muscular man of indefinite age, somewhere between 40 and 
60 years old. He has a chiseled chin, high cheekbones, and icy blue eyes. On closer 
inspection, one suspects he has had plastic surgery performed on his nose and 
chin. He always has a tan and is dressed in loose-fitting but well-tailored clothes.
Anton is an energetic person who never gives up. After the fall of East Ger-
many and the collapse of the Stasi, he started building his new future as a 
security consultant in the unified Germany. He has come a long way in the 
shady security business.
Personality: Anton is a ruthless sadist. He can give the impression of being 
charming and sympathetic, while he actually enjoys inflicting pain on others.
Playing Tips: Smile and be flattering when you talk, but always use a false 
undertone. Look people directly in the eyes while you speak, and maybe even 
place your hand on the players (if they’re all right with being touched out of 
game). Lean in a little too close and intrude on personal space, so you seem 
uncomfortably intrusive and sexually insinuating.
Equipment: Kevlar vest, SIG Sauer P226.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human Death Magician, unknowingly bound to Chagidiel.
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Higher Power: Anton is possessed by one of Chagidiel’s 
Incarnates.
Combat [3], Influence [4], Magic [3].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Take cover in a tactical position.
◊◊Use someone as a shield.
◊◊Aim for leg.
Influence [Powerful]
◊◊Leader of former Stasi agents (see German Police, p. 159, for statistics).
◊◊VD and owner of Secure (security company).
◊◊Send people to spy on someone.
◊◊Manipulate or corrupt someone.
Magic [Considerable]
◊◊Journeyman (II) in the of the Lore of Death
◊◊Summon and bind a creature of Death.
◊◊Open a portal to Inferno.
Attacks
Anton is cool headed and only cares about his survival in combat. He 
shoots to subdue his opponents and always tries to escape, if possible.
Unarmed: Punch [1] [Distance: arm].
SIG Sauer P226 (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]; Aim for leg 
[1] [Distance: room, the leg of the victim is hit]; Body shield [0] [Dis-
tance: arm, victim trapped with Mahler’s pistol against their head].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Armor: Bulletproof vest [1] [protects the wearer from bullet wounds]
Wounds:  
◊◊Grazed.
◊◊Flees bleeding.
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
143
Important NPCs

Reinhold Messner
The store manager, Reinhold Messner, is an old friend of Leon-
ard Freude and influential in the Germanische Gemeinschaft. 
He is a well-trained, 40-year-old with short, dark hair and pene-
trating eyes. He dresses in black uniforms and mirrored glasses. He 
tends to speak excessively and at length, especially with regard 
to far-right extremism and totalitarian politics.
Personality: Reinhold is an educated and calculating man with 
an unyielding belief in the necessary formation of a Fourth 
Reich, cleansed of lesser races and led by righteous Aryan lead-
ers. The Germanische Gemeinschaft will create this new world 
order from the ashes of the Third Reich. All means are justified 
in the fight against the far-right movement’s enemies.
Playing Tips: Act polite but observe the players closely, speak-
ing excessively and at length, especially with regard to far-right 
extremism and totalitarian politics.
Equipment: H&K VP70Z (handgun), keys to the bookstore.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [3], Influence [3], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Summon reinforcements.
◊◊Draw a concealed weapon.
◊◊Grab hold and pin 
someone.
Influence [Considerable]
◊◊Test someone’s true allegiances.
◊◊Reveal Germanische Gemeinschaft’s criminal affairs.
◊◊Threaten someone at the point of a gun.
Attacks
Messner hides a H&K VP70Z handgun under the counter, and 
shoots a warning shot if someone starts trouble. If he sus-
pects something is wrong, he sends his assistant to get Freude 
or Vogel.
Unarmed: Grapple and hold [1] [Distance: arm, Act Under 
Pressure to break free].
H&K VP70Z (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying.
◊◊Dead.
Magda Orlova
Magda is a peculiar lady in her 60s. She wears meticulously-ap-
plied make-up and has dark hair and brown eyes. She dresses in 
grey and blue dresses of tight wool, walks on her toes, and has a 
high, squeaky voice.
Personality: Magda was politically active in East Germany 
and sometimes worked for the West German intelligence 
during the 1980s. She has good political contacts and is very 
extroverted. When the disease escalates, she becomes ner-
vous and anxious. She has a personal habit of suppressing 
anything unpleasant. She notices she is ill, but she cannot 
see the boils with the parasites and just feels poorly.
Playing Tips: Talk with a high-pitched voice. Dry the surfaces of 
your hands on your arms. Always look for confirmation from the 
one you are talking with; “Right? Isn’t it so? Don’t you think?”
Home: Hamburg/Berlin (Elysium)
Creature Type: Human.
Abilities
◊◊Cursed: Magda is cursed by Chagidiel’s parasite, and the par-
asite can infect someone if they are touched by Magda.
Combat [–], Influence [3], Magic [–].
Influence [Considerable]
◊◊Use contacts in journalism.
◊◊Show significant knowledge about the German intelligence 
agency.
◊◊Use academic influence.
Attacks
Magda is inexperienced with violence and reacts with fear and 
flight behavior.
Unarmed: Fight for her life [1] [Distance: arm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratched.
◊◊Dazed.
◊◊Unconscious.
Aleksandr “Sasha” Pogodin
Sasha is a tired man in his 60s. He has grey, curly hair and cold grey 
eyes. He dresses in expensive pinstriped or solid black suits of Italian 
design and drives expensive, sports cars. Since the reunification of 
East and West Germany, Sasha has been making an effort to keep 
his criminal empire together, but nightmares and returning mem-
ories occupy much of his time and he feels old and exhausted.
Personality: Sasha is a cold and calculating powermonger, but 
is starting to become tired. He is still an influential mafia boss, 
however, who has the power to order the murders of innocents. 
The nightmares and memories are returning to the surface and 
straining him. He sedates his anxieties by drinking more and 
abusing prostitutes.
Playing Tips: Gesticulate expansively. Pretend to smoke thick 
cigars and constantly pour another glass of expensive Irish whis-
key – Old Bushmill’s Single Malt or something similar. Become 
sentimental and sob when the opportunity arises.
Equipment: Kevlar vest, Russian PSM pistol, bodyguards.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human Death Magician, unknowingly bound to 
Chagidiel.
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Higher Power: Sasha is possessed by one of Chagi-
diel’s Incarnates.
Combat [3], Influence [5], Magic [3].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Fill the air with bullets.
◊◊Shoot through armor.
◊◊Call for backup.
144
Appendix

Influence [Exceptional]
◊◊Reveal someone’s secrets.
◊◊Unseen manipulate 
individuals, groups, or 
organizations.
◊◊Hire duty-bound and 
professional killers.
◊◊Buy or blackmail some-
one’s allies.
◊◊Leader of crime empire.
Magic [Considerable]
◊◊Novice (I) in the of the 
Lore of Death
◊◊Journeyman (II) in the of 
the Lore of Dream
◊◊Manipulate dream.
Attacks
Sasha is a skilled and merciless shooter, but usually relies on 
his skilled bodyguards to take care of threats against him.
Unarmed: Punch [1] [Distance: arm].
PSM pistol (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]; Fill the 
air with bullets [2] [Distance: room, to reveal yourself counts 
as Act Under Pressure]; Weak spot [2] [Distance: room, 
ignores armor].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Armor: Bulletproof vest [1] [protects the wearer from bullets]
Wounds:  
◊◊Grazed.
◊◊Flees bleeding.
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be 
saved).
◊◊Death.
Ivan Pogodin (Incarnate of Chagidiel)
Pogodin is the mightiest of Chagidiel’s Incarnates. After the 
PCs kill the Dream-Incarnate and General Strelkov, their 
power transfers to Leningrad and Pogodin. The Incarnate 
can even drain power from its earlier existence in Kalenko’s 
house during World War 2. Time merges and the Incarnate 
from the past becomes identical with the one the char-
acters freed. When Chagidiel’s Citadel starts assuming its 
shape in Leningrad, the Incarnate draws power from there.
In appearance, Pogodin looks like the two other Incarnates the 
characters encounter: a short and swarthy man in his 40s. He 
is dressed in a somewhat old-fashioned suit.
When he is confronted by the Black Madonna and flings 
Kalenko’s house into Inferno, he can draw power directly 
from the Death Angel’s Citadel. There, he becomes more 
powerful than anything the PCs could defeat. The values 
below are only to be used if something goes so wrong the 
characters do not have the Madonna with them and have 
to fight Pogodin themselves.
Personality: Pogodin is Chagidiel’s strongest Incarnate. 
It is completely certain of winning and does – justifiably 
– not fear the characters. It has more of the Death Angel’s 
personality and, therefore, acts less human than the other 
Incarnates. It only reacts if the children are let loose, and 
then awakens from its hibernation and shows real emo-
tions – fear and almighty rage.
Playing Tips: Be less restrained than when playing the 
other two Incarnates. Laugh hysterically. Make faces. Say 
incomprehensible things.
Home: Leningrad (Inferno).
Creature Type: Incarnate of the Death Angel, Chagidiel.
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Higher Power: Bound to the Death Angel, Chagidiel.
◊◊Master torturer: The ultimate knowledge of how to utilize 
pain, humiliation, and suffering to break someone else’s will 
and draw out all their shame and truth. Resisting this torture 
requires Keep it Together at −2.
◊◊Chagidiel’s Blessing: Pogodin can’t be harmed by ranged weapons.
Combat [5], Influence [4], Magic [5].
Combat [Powerful]
◊◊Tear off an arm or leg 
[­Critical Wound].
◊◊Attack several targets at once.
◊◊Teleport and attack [−2 Avoid 
Harm].
◊◊Throw someone away.
Influence [Exceptional]
◊◊Influence society (directly or 
through institutions).
◊◊Stealthily manipulate 
individuals/groups/
organizations.
◊◊Leader of thugs.
◊◊Demand obedience 
with threats of horrible 
consequences.
Magic [Exceptional]
◊◊Master (IV) in the Lore of 
Death.
◊◊Tear the Veil to Inferno.
◊◊Rip someone apart.
◊◊Create false memories of abuse 
[−4 Stability].
◊◊Manipulate the surroundings.
Attacks
Pogodin has no fear of mere humans. He treats them like insects.
Unarmed: Tear off limb [Critical Wound] [Distance: arm]; Hit [3] [Dis-
tance: arm, the victim lands up to ten meters away].
Magic: Rip apart [4] [Distance: room, target must Avoid Harm to dodge 
hundreds of hooks flying through the walls, floors and roof]; Manipu-
late surroundings [2] [Distance: room, floor break, roof falls in]; Create 
memory [−4 Stability] [Distance: room, Keep it Together to resist].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:    
◊◊Ignores the injuries.
◊◊Pogodin laughs at the 
attackers.
◊◊The Incarnate turns his focus 
on the most recent attacker 
and ignores the others (+1 
Harm against that attacker).
◊◊In an uncontrollable rage, 
Pogodin conjures hooks to 
attack the attacker (Rip Apart).
◊◊The Incarnate teleport directly 
behind the attacker.
◊◊Pogodin tears the Veil against 
Inferno, filling the environment 
with ice and smoke (Keep it 
Together).
◊◊A limb is maimed, but immedi-
ately grows back.
◊◊The growls and shoots chained 
hooks at everyone around him 
(2 Harm, Distance: room).
◊◊Pogodin is covered in blood, 
but still keeps fighting.
◊◊The Incarnate is dazed and 
slow for a moment (+1 to next 
attack).
◊◊Pogodin’s eyes are destroyed, 
temporarily blinding him until 
they grow back (+2 on next 
attack).
◊◊Pogodin fades into nothing-
ness, screaming in a mad rage.
145
Important NPCs

Hans Georg Richter
Hans Georg is a slender man in his mid-30s. He has black hair with 
a very receded hairline. Well-tailored dark clothes several years out 
of fashion reveal themselves from under the doctor’s robe.
Personality: Very friendly and chivalrous, even though he gives 
the impression of being a somewhat nervous person, Hans 
Georg is talkative and extrovert. He expresses himself neatly 
and avoids sweeping generalizations. He is almost obsessed 
with his work.
Playing Tips: Gently stroke your thinning hair. Stare into the 
eyes of the person you are talking with. Become noticeably 
nervous when talking to women.
Equipment: Forensic equipment, a Walther PPK pistol in the 
desk drawer.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [1], Influence [2], Magic [1].
Combat [Weak]
◊◊Draw a gun against someone.
Influence [Novice]
◊◊Contacts in hospitals.
◊◊Know something about the occult.
Magic [Weak]
◊◊Enhanced awareness.
Attacks
Hans have a pistol hidden in his drawer that he will draw if he 
feel threatened.
Walther PPK (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Bleeding.
◊◊Critically injured.
◊◊Dead.
Dr. Helmut Schafer
Dr. Schafer is a tall, muscular, yet somewhat overweight man 
with a full, black beard and short black hair. He has a booming 
voice and big, stained hands. Underneath the white coat, dark 
clothes can be seen. Schafer took over the responsibilities of the 
Frankfurt Clinic in the beginning of the 1980s. He worked with 
the secret police, and several critics of the regime have been 
transferred to the clinic to get them out of the way. He tried 
to maximize the number of “political prisoners,” which the 
clinic received extra pay for during the East German regime. 
He ignored the other patients completely. He sometimes used 
them as guinea pigs for his own dubious experiments. In the 
last years, he has started experimenting with magic. After the 
Germany Reunification, he tried to tidy up his records in prepa-
ration of the inspections from the German medical board.
Personality: Dr. Schafer is not serious, is bribable, and does 
not care about his patients. He agrees all the time and is 
extremely polite, but is obviously nervous whenever the clinic 
has visitors. He wants to get the characters out of there as 
quickly as possible.
Playing Tips: Rub your hands together and smile sheepishly. 
Nod all the time, as if you agree, and talk with a voice sound-
ing like you are sucking up to them.
Home: Frankfurt an der Oder (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human Death Magician, unknowingly bound 
to Chagidiel.
Combat [1], Influence [4], Magic [1].
Combat [Weak]
◊◊Run to safety.
Influence [Powerful]
◊◊Contacts with former Stasi agents.
◊◊In command of the Frankfurt Clinic.
◊◊Call for orderlies.
◊◊Give access to the mental hospital.
Magic [Weak]
◊◊Novice (I) in the Lore of Madness.
Attacks
In contrast with his size Dr. Schafer is only trying to escape 
and/or call for backup in violent situations.
Unarmed: Punch [1] [Distance: arm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
146
Appendix

Heidi Schmidt
Heidi is the bookkeeping clerk at the Germanische Gemein-
schaft’s headquarters and works in the office on the first floor, 
where she handles the bookkeeping and paperwork (see Leads 
at Germanische Gemeinschaft). Heidi is a small, stocky woman in 
her 50s who dismisses all questions, simply saying she only works 
here and knows nothing. In truth, in addition to her account-
ing skills, she is a competent Death Magician. Without Vogel’s 
expressed permission, she refuses to allow anyone see any 
paperwork, no matter the circumstances. Heidi knows Vogel’s 
true shape and that her boss is a creature from Inferno.
Personality: Heidi is a cold-hearted and ambitious Death 
Magician who hopes to receive greater knowledge from Vogel 
through hard work and loyalty. She knows what punishments 
would be executed if she fails her duties, and would rather die 
than be the victim of her master’s torture instruments.
Playing Tips: Smile politely with cold eyes and treat nosy visi-
tors with short answers. Your goal is to stop any conversation 
concerning the bookkeeping or Germanische Gemeinschaft’s 
secrets.
Equipment: Purse with makeup and perfume.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [1], Influence [2], Magic [2].
Combat [Weak]
◊◊Call for help.
Influence [Novice]
◊◊Tell obvious lies.
◊◊Reveal Germanische Gemeinschaft’s financial secrets.
Magic [Novice]
◊◊Novice (I) in the Lore of Death.
◊◊Limited insight about Inferno.
Attacks
Heidi has a small pistol hidden in her desk, but she only uses 
it if she feels her life is directly threatened. Her first reaction to 
violent intruders is to call for help from the neo-Nazis in the 
sleeping hall next door.
Walther PPK (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying.
◊◊Dead.
Albert Schossel
Albert is one of the Germanische Gemeinschaft leaders, 
serving under Leonard Freude and Ernst Vogel. He lives at 
the headquarters and can usually be found in the overnight 
stay-rooms on the headquarters’ second floor between 2 and 
11 a.m. Albert is a pale and bony man in his 40s with raven-black, 
side-parted hair and a short mustache. His clothing is eccentric, 
favoring old German costumes from the 1940s and white gloves.
Personality: Albert is a shameless coward and enjoys the 
power and status afforded him as one of Germanische 
Gemeinschaft’s senior members. When confronted with the 
choice between loyalty and punishment for his crimes, Albert 
is prone to surrender in the hope of saving himself.
Playing Tips: Talk dreamily about the Third Reich, acting arro-
gant and condescending when you have the advantage. When 
defeated, change completely to submission and exaggerated 
helpfulness while begging for mercy.
Equipment: Luger P08 pistol (handgun).
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [1], Influence [2], Magic [–].
Combat [Weak]
◊◊Flee from a conflict.
Influence [Novice]
◊◊Negotiate for his own survival.
◊◊Reveal Germanische Gemeinschaft’s secrets under 
pressure.
Attacks
Albert is a coward who avoids violent conflicts to save his own 
skin. His pistol is more for show, and when Albert is trapped 
and threatened he usually gives up.
Luger P08 pistol (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying.
◊◊Dead.
147
Important NPCs

Zoya Selivanova
Selivanova is a deeply tanned woman in her 50s, 
dressed in a KGB uniform with the insignias of a Colonel. 
She has nearly white hair and glasses set in thick frames. 
She acts very properly. Selivanova is one of Binah’s 
lictors. Anyone able to gaze through the Illusion sees 
her true shape. She is somewhat smaller than Ivan 
Chezenko, but otherwise she is possess the horrifying 
appearance of a lictor. A successful Keep it Together 
is required to avoid being shocked when viewing 
Selivanova’s true form.
Personality: As a lictor, Selivanova attempts to keep 
the crumbling Soviet Union together. She is loyal and 
has no respect for human lives whatsoever. She is 
preoccupied with maintaining order and hindering 
change.
Playing Tips: Sit with a very straight back. Keep your 
hands still. Speak as properly and impartially as possi-
ble. Treat all the PCs indifferently, and try to give an 
impersonal impression.
Equipment: Makarov handgun, cellular phone, 2 
bodyguards.
Magic: Lore of Time and Space, Lore of Death.
Home: Moscow (Elysium).
Creature Type: Lictor serving the Archon Binah.
Abilities
◊◊Gigantic: Cannot be grappled or knocked over in 
close combat. Melee attacks Zoya makes always 
cause the target to be knocked over.
◊◊Monstrous form: Those who see the creature’s true 
form must Keep it Together to not panic.
◊◊Immune to fire: The creature cannot be harmed by 
this type of attack.
Combat [3], Influence [5], Magic [4].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Bite of a chunk of flesh.
◊◊Grapple and hold someone.
◊◊Move long distances with a leap.
Influence [Exceptional]
◊◊Influence society (directly or through institutions).
◊◊Send KGB agents to shadow, kidnap, or kill 
someone.
◊◊Find out someone’s secrets.
◊◊Create or bury human identity papers and history.
◊◊Stealthily manipulate individuals/groups/
organizations.
Magic [Powerful]
◊◊Commanding voice.
◊◊Read someone’s thoughts.
◊◊Adept (III) in the Lore of Death.
◊◊Master (IV) in the Lore of Time and Space.
Attacks
Zoya is usually inclined to break her opponents’ will, but if 
provoked enough she happily eats her enemies. Zoya uses her 
inhuman strength and speed to overpower smaller oppo-
nents. She usually grabs the opponent and bites them until the 
screaming enemy is dead.
Unarmed: Grapple and hold [1] [Distance: arm, Act Under Pres-
sure to get loose]; Bite of chunks of flesh [3] [Distance: arm, 
target has to be held]; Claws [2] [Distance: arm].
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
Magic: Commanding voice [–] [Distance: room, target must 
Keep it Together or follow an order from Zoya]; Read thoughts 
[–] [Distance: room, target must Keep it Together or truthfully 
answer 2 questions].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:    
◊◊Laughs in scorn.
◊◊Turns her focus on the 
most recent attacker and 
ignores the others.
◊◊In an uncontrollable 
rage, Zoya leaps at the 
attacker (Avoid Harm).
◊◊Black blood oozes out 
from an open wound.
◊◊The attack cuts open the big 
belly with a disgusting smell.
◊◊Zoya growls at the enemies 
with pulsating organs hang-
ing out from her body. 
◊◊Zoya flees from the threat.
◊◊The lictor is dazed and slow 
for a moment (+1 Harm to all 
attacks).
◊◊Zoya dies.
General Strelkov (Incarnate of Chagidiel)
Strelkov resembles the Incarnate the PCs met in the dream: a short 
and swarthy man in his 40s. He is dressed in a Soviet general’s uni-
form, loaded with decorations. His black hair is cut millimeter-short. 
He emits an unpleasant, acrid stench the characters recognize from 
the dream.
Personality: The Incarnate is obviously inflexible in his way of 
thinking and becomes enraged when the characters disturb his 
plans. This is a colder, more intellectual Incarnate than the one 
encountered in the dream. It tries to avoid threats in as rational 
a manner as possible. When everything is hopeless, it becomes a 
roaring monster, fighting for its life.
Playing Tips: Continuously shout your orders to your legionaries. 
View the characters with unrestrained contempt, as if they were 
pests. When you end up in close combat with them, you turn into 
a roaring, wild animal.
Equipment: AKM, 6 extra magazines, Makarov, 3 extra magazines.
Home: Moscow (Elysium).
Creature Type: Incarnate of the Death Angel, Chagidiel.
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Higher Power: Bound to the Death Angel, Chagidiel.
◊◊Master torturer: The ultimate knowledge of how to utilize 
pain, humiliation, and suffering to break someone else’s will 
and draw out all their shame and truth. Resisting this torture 
requires Keep it Together at −2.
◊◊Weapon expert: All of its ranged attacks inflicts +1 Harm.
148
Appendix

Combat [4], Influence [2], Magic [4].
Combat [Powerful]
◊◊Inflict pain [Keep it Together to not break down].
◊◊Attack several targets at once.
◊◊Destroy an enemy weapon.
◊◊Crippling attack [Serious Wound].
Influence [Exceptional]
◊◊Order the boy legionaries.
◊◊Reveal someone’s darkest secret.
Magic [Powerful]
◊◊Master (IV) in the Lore of Death.
◊◊Commanding voice.
◊◊Freeze someone [2 Harm, Act Under Pressure to 
move].
◊◊Drag dark memories to the surface [−2 Stability].
Attacks
General Strelkov tries to protect himself. When the player 
characters arrive, he allows the boy legionaries to fight in his 
stead, using his powers to aid his soldiers. If the boy legion-
aries are defeated, Strelkov attacks the characters himself.
Unarmed: Break bones [Serious Wound] [Distance: arm, 
breaks an arm or leg]; Inflict pain [1] [Distance: arm, Keep it 
Together to not break down]; Destroy weapon [–] [Distance: 
arm, takes and destroy opponent’s weapon].
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [3] [Distance: room].
AKM (assault rifle): Controlled fire [4] [Distance: room]; Full 
auto [4] [Distance: room, may hit up to 3 targets, must reload].
Magic: Commanding voice [–] [Distance: room, target must 
Keep it Together or follow an order from the Incarnate]; 
Freeze [2] [Distance: room, Act Under Pressure to move]; Drag 
out memory [−2 Stability] [Distance: room, Keep it Together 
to resist].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:    
◊◊Ignores the injuries.
◊◊The Incarnate turns his focus on the most recent attacker 
and ignores the others.
◊◊In an uncontrollable rage, Strelkov mows down the attack-
ers with his AKM (Full auto).
◊◊The Incarnate immediately tries to command the attacker to 
attack his allies (Commanding voice).
◊◊Strelkov suffers a normally lethal wound (head shot, dagger 
to the heart, etc.), but just keeps fighting.
◊◊The attack shoot of/cut/break one of Strelkovs legs.
◊◊The AKM is ripped out of the Incarnate’s hands.
◊◊The Incarnate is dazed and slow for a moment (+1 to next 
attack).
◊◊Strelkov falls to the ground (+2 Harm on next attack).
◊◊Strelkov fades into nothingness, screaming in a mad rage.
Dr. Natalya Tatlina
Dr. Tatlina is a short, wrinkled lady in 
her mid-70s. She has clear blue eyes and 
short white hair. She is dressed in flannel 
pants and a hand-knitted blouse. Tatlina 
started her work in Moscow at the begin-
ning of the 1930s and worked exclusively 
with medication, electro-therapy, and 
other forms of psychiatric treatments.
In her early days, Tatlina became interested 
in talk therapy and psychoanalytic methods. 
She retired from her position as senior phy-
sician at the Frankfurt Clinic in 1981, leaving it 
to Dr. Helmut Schafer.
Personality: Dr. Tatlina is a devoted psychia-
trist. She can talk about psychiatric, neurolog-
ical, and psychoanalytic theory for hours if no 
one stops her. She is slightly absent-minded and 
has a tendency of speaking people younger than 
65-years-old a little patronizingly.
Playing Tips: Squint as if you are near-sighted. Call 
all the male characters “young man” and all women 
“young lady.” Be a little dominant in the way you 
speak, like a strict teacher to school children.
Home: Gartburg (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [–], Influence [3], Magic [–].
Influence [Considerable]
◊◊Talks fluent Russian.
◊◊Diagnose a mentally ill person.
◊◊Tell things about the patients in 
the Frankfurt Clinic.
Attacks
Dr. Tatlina is too old to be able 
to effectively fight back when 
attacked.
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:   
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying.
◊◊Dead.
149
Important NPCs

Ilya Topov
Lieutenant Topov is a well-trained, slender young man with 
dark, short hair and brown thoughtful eyes. He is dressed in war 
uniform and his movements are smooth and casual.
Personality: Ilya is a very serious young man, who ponders 
about politics, the state of the Soviet Union, and his own 
role in current events. Before they end up on their mission, 
he gives the impression of being withdrawn and pensive. 
He considers his words carefully before answering ques-
tions or assumes a position in a discussion.
Playing Tips: Look pensive. Stroke your hand over your 
chin and gaze into the distance. Look unsympathetic if 
someone makes a joke, smiling politely, as if you had no 
sense of humor.
Equipment: AKM, Night sight, 2 extra magazine, Dagger, 
Kevlar vest, Army helmet, Combat uniform, Gas mask, 
First aid box.
Home: Moscow (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [3], Influence [3], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Distract enemy (+1 to the next roll for characters).
◊◊Join a coordinated attack (one character receives 
+1 Harm on their next attack).
◊◊Perform first aid (stabilizes one Serious Wound or 
Critical Wound).
Influence [Considerable]
◊◊Tell something about the KGB investigation on 
Slava or General Stelkov.
◊◊Help out with the Russian authorities.
◊◊Make an offer, with or without cost.
Attacks
When Topov goes into any combat situation, he 
becomes a different person–he makes fast decisions 
and never hesitates.
Dagger: Stab [2] [Distance: arm].
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
AKM (assault rifle): Controlled fire [3] [Distance: room/
field]; Full auto [3] [Distance: room, field, attacks up 
to 3 targets in close vicinity to each other].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Armor: Kevlar vest [1] [protects the wearer from 
bullet wounds]
Wounds:   
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Bleeding.
◊◊Unconscious.
◊◊Dead.
Ernst Vogel
Ernst Vogel is the leader for Germanische Gemeinschaft. 
He is tall and thin, dressed in a well-ironed SS uniform without 
rank insignia. His hair is cut short and his blue eyes are almost 
hidden underneath bushy eyebrows. He has a thin and some-
what crooked nose and thin lips. Those who can See Through 
the Illusion see that Ernst Vogel is a razide. He is almost 
3-meters-tall and walks hunched forward, sometimes on two 
legs and sometimes on four. Anyone able to See Through 
the Illusion smells an intense stench of rot emitting from 
Vogel. Those who witness Vogel’s true shape must Keep it 
Together.
Personality: Ernst Vogel is obsessed with suffering. While 
he is in command of Germanische Gemeinschaft, he often 
forgets his duties if given the opportunity to torture or 
torment someone. He has a tendency to giggle hysterically 
when excited.
Playing Tips: Have a broad smile. Rub the palms of your 
hands together. Look at the PCs as if you are measuring 
their bodies and wondering where to stick your pins. Giggle 
hysterically.
Attack Mode: Bite, Claws.
Equipment: SS Uniform, all black Luger P08 “Black Widow” 
pistol.
Magic: Lore of Death.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Razide serving the Death Angel, Chagidiel.
Abilities
◊◊Monstrous form: Those who see the creature’s true 
form must Keep it Together to not panic.
◊◊Gigantic: Cannot be grappled or knocked over in 
close combat. Melee attacks Vogel makes, which con-
nect, always cause the target to be knocked over.
◊◊Natural weapons: The creature has weapons embed-
ded in his body, either implanted or natural.
◊◊Master torturer: The ultimate knowledge of how 
to utilize pain, humiliation, and suffering to break 
someone else’s will and draw out all their shame 
and truth. Resisting this torture requires Keep it 
Together at −2.
◊◊Body of metal and machinery: All Harm taken is 
reduced by −1.
◊◊Pact-weaver: This being can seal pacts with humans. 
See KULT: Divinity Lost Core Rules, Chapter 21 – Pacts 
and Magic.
Combat [5], Influence [5], Magic [4].
Combat [Exceptional]
◊◊Attack two opponents at once.
◊◊Impale on claws [Act Under Pressure to get away].
◊◊Move a considerable distance in a leap.
◊◊Rip someone apart [+2 Harm].
◊◊Destroy opponent’s weapon.
150
Appendix

Influence [Exceptional]
◊◊Leader of the Germanische Gemeinschaft.
◊◊Influence the police.
◊◊Track someone’s whereabouts.
◊◊­Contacts with organized crime.
◊◊Destroy a place or an organization.
Magic [Powerful]
◊◊Summon a creature of Death.
◊◊See Through the Illusion.
◊◊Inflict pain [Keep it Together to break free].
◊◊Master (IV) in the Lore of Death.
Attacks
When he loses his temper, Vogel fights like a rag-
ing animal, trying to rip and slash his opponents 
to shreds. When he doesn’t feel threatened, 
he usually orders underlies to take care of the 
problem or handles situations like the human 
he appears to be, resolving the problem with 
his gun.
Claws: Slash two opponents [2] [Distance: 
arm, hits two targets close together]; Impale 
[2] [Distance: arm, Act Under Pressure to get 
loose]. Rip apart [4] [Distance: arm]; Destroy 
weapon [–] [Distance: arm, target’s weapon is 
destroyed].
Luger P08 pistol (handgun): Aimed shots [2] 
[Distance: room].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:    
◊◊The attack reflects off the creature’s 
metal hide.
◊◊Turn his focus on the most recent 
attacker and ignores the others until 
they’re defeated.
◊◊In an uncontrollable rage, vault at the 
nearest attacker with his claws (Avoid 
Harm).
◊◊A tube cuts open, splashing a red-black, 
slippery fluid over the floor (Act Under 
Pressure to move around).
◊◊The attack penetrates one of Vogel’s 
eyes (+1 on next roll).
◊◊One of Vogel’s arms is broken, shot 
off, or severed (can no longer Slash 
two opponents).
◊◊The razide’s leg is maimed (can’t 
move fast).
◊◊A big wriggling larvae is exposed in 
Vogel’s chest (Act Under Pressure 
to avoid being struck, −2 to hit, +2 
Harm).
◊◊Vogel dies with an inhuman scream.
The Wanderer
The wanderer is a man in his 30s. He has a solid, hawkish nose and looks 
slightly Indian with long black hair and brown eyes. He is dressed in jeans and 
jogging shoes and has thick silver earrings.
Personality: The Wanderer is helpful and friendly, but often slips into a 
dreamy, distanced state of mind.
Playing Tips: Smile a lot. Speak with a relaxed, quiet voice. Keep your hands 
still. Do not make any quick movements.
Equipment: Jeans and shirt. Flute.
Home: The dream worlds in Limbo.
Creature Type: Human Dream Wanderer.
Abilities
◊◊Cool: All attempts to Read a Person against The Wanderer are at −2.
◊◊Master of the Dream: Can’t be killed in Limbo. If The Wanderer is annihi-
lated in Limbo, he disappears – only to be reshaped the next night.
Combat [3], Influence [1], Magic [5].
Combat [Novice]
◊◊Disappear.
◊◊Create a shield (+2 Armor rating).
Influence [Considerable]
◊◊Offer help to someone.
◊◊Teach someone.
◊◊Evade the truth in a conversation.
Magic [Exceptional]
◊◊Master (IV) in the of the Lore of Dream.
◊◊Master (IV) in the of the Lore of Time and Space.
◊◊Manipulate the Dream.
◊◊Transform himself or others.
Attacks
The Wanderer is incredibly powerful in Limbo and can use his Art 
of Dreaming to heal wounds, as well as transform himself and 
the landscape into terrible weapons or protect himself against 
attackers.
Art of Dreaming: Manipulate the Dream [3] [Distance: field].
Monstrous form: Tail whip [2] [Distance: room]; Bite [3] [Distance: 
arm]. Grab [1] [Distance: arm, Act Under Pressure to break free].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Grazed.
◊◊Transforms into something monstrous.
◊◊Disappears for some moments.
◊◊Waves of power blasts from The Wanderer (2 Harm, 
Distance: room).
◊◊Bleeding wounds.
◊◊Broken but alive.
◊◊Unconscious.
◊◊Dies (temporarily).
151
Important NPCs

The Three Nepharites
Although technically creatures of Inferno, Alyona, Katya, 
and Yelena still possess enough individuality and self-
will to have their own goals during the campaign. As 
such, they should be treated as fully realized NPCs when 
encountered.
Alyona
Alyona is Kalenko’s youngest daughter. She was collected 
by Chagidiel in 1938 and was transformed into a nepharite. 
She is a young girl with long black hair matted with blood. 
The hair is braided, each braid ending in a cruel hook, which 
can lash out against her victims. She is dressed in a ceremonial 
robe soaked in blood. Her chin and the lower left side of the 
face are gone, so she speaks with a gurgling sound from her 
throat.
Alyona collects Anton Mahler. She later stalks the one of 
the characters with Chagidiel’s Mark, who has the most in 
common with Anton’s background or personality. She gives 
the impression of being the leader of the three nepharites.
Playing Tips: Move with in childlike fashion, observing the 
players with great interest. Make obscene remarks to the 
PCs.
Home: Inferno.
Creature Type: Nepharite under the Death Angel, Chagidiel.
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Inferno: If the creature is annihilated in Elysium, 
it will be reshaped in Inferno.
◊◊Pact-binder: The creature can make pacts with humans.
◊◊Shapeshifter: The creature can alter its physical appear-
ance and form at will.
Combat [5], Influence [3], Magic [5].
Combat [Exceptional]
◊◊Hook and lift someone.
◊◊Tear someone to pieces, bit for bit.
◊◊Impale someone on the bayonet.
◊◊Teleport somewhere within line of sight.
◊◊Throw someone away like a rag doll.
Influence [Considerable]
◊◊Manipulate and corrupt someone.
◊◊Threaten someone, directly or by entailments.
◊◊Offer something, with or without strings attached.
Magic [Exceptional]
◊◊Distort and warp rooms, streets, paths, and stairs.
◊◊Tear the Veil to Inferno.
◊◊Sense and fulfill someone’s darkest fantasies.
◊◊Curse someone with an unhealthy obsession for Alyona 
(+1 Relation).
◊◊Take the shape of someone’s lover.
Attacks
Hooks: Hook & lift [2] [Distance: arm, the victim is trapped, 
Act Under Pressure to get away]; Tear to pieces [3] [Dis-
tance: arm, victim must be hooked].
Bayonet: Impale [2] [Distance: arm].
Magic: Trap in fantasy [–] [Distance: room, Keep it Together 
to escape]; Forced obsession [–] [Distance: room, Keep it 
Together to avoid +1 Relation to Alyona].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊She ignores the injuries.
◊◊She momentarily stops to appreciate the pain.
◊◊One of the braids is severed, but keep writhing across 
the ground.
◊◊An eyeball ruptures, fluids pouring down her cheek. 
◊◊She starts crying like a scared child, while hiding her 
face in her palms.
◊◊One of Alyona’s arms is broken, torn, or shot off.
◊◊The hit throws Alyona prone on the ground.
◊◊The ceremonial robe rips open, revealing Alyona’s 
flayed body.
◊◊Alyona’s head is cracked open, leaving her momentarily 
dazed (+1 on next attack).
◊◊The nepharite is temporarily neutralized.
Katya
Katya is Kalenko’s older daughter, turned into a nepharite by 
Pogodin after he was summoned in 1941. Before she was rit-
ually butchered and eaten in the cellar of the Kalenko house, 
she was forced to be Pogodin’s mistress, and kept extensive 
notes in her diary about the torments she underwent. Katya 
wears a ceremonial robe, but wherever her skin is exposed, it is 
evident she’s been butchered and sewn back together. Her stom-
ach and internal organs are completely gone and her body is held 
up only by her spine. Her fingernails are sharp as razors.
Katya collects Filip Kramer and later stalks the PC with Chagi-
diel’s Mark, who has the most in common with Filip.
Playing Tips: Touch your face while you talk. Gesture with 
your hands for the players to come to you.
Attack Mode: Razor sharp fingernails.
Magic: Lore of Death.
Home: Inferno.
Creature Type: Nepharite under the Death Angel, Chagidiel.
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Inferno: If the creature is annihilated in Elysium, it 
will be reshaped in Inferno.
◊◊Pact-binder: The creature can make pacts with humans.
◊◊Shapeshifter: The creature can alter its physical appearance 
and form at will.
Combat [3], Influence [2], Magic [4].
152
Appendix

Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Disfigure someone.
◊◊Claw out intestines (3 Harm).
◊◊Inflict intense pain (Keep it Together).
Influence [Novice]
◊◊Seduce someone.
◊◊Steal something.
Magic [Powerful]
◊◊Distort and warp rooms, streets, paths, and stairs.
◊◊Tear the Veil to Inferno.
◊◊See and recreate someone’s darkest memories.
◊◊Arouse desire in someone (Keep it Together).
Attacks
Nails: Disfigure [1] [Distance: arm, −1 to next roll]; Claw 
out intestines [3] [Distance: arm]. Inflict intense pain 
[1]; [Distance: arm, Keep it Together or reduce Stability 
(−2)].
Magic: Arouse desire [–] [Distance: room, Keep it 
Together to resist]; Recreate memory [–] [Distance: 
room, Keep it Together to escape memory].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊She ignores the injuries.
◊◊Katya moans and momentarily stops to appreciate 
the pain.
◊◊She licks the blood from an open gash.
◊◊One of Katya’s hands is destroyed.
◊◊Sutures in Katya’s skin open into bloody wounds.
◊◊One of Katya’s legs is broken and drags behind her.
◊◊The hit throws Katya prone on the ground.
◊◊The attack rips off one of Katya’s limbs.
◊◊Katya’s head is hit, leaving her momentarily dazed (+1 
on next attack).
◊◊The nepharite is temporarily neutralized.
Yelena
Yelena was once Nikolai Kalenko’s wife. She is a short and 
thin woman with striped black hair. Her upper body is bare and 
her mouth is smeared with blood. She has a meat cleaver and 
other butcher instruments in her belt.
Yelena collects Sasha Pogodin. She later stalks the PC with 
Chagidiel’s Mark, who has the most in common with Sasha.
Playing Tips: Scratch at your body with your fingernails in 
a distracted way, as if you are tearing up large shreds. Make 
obscene comments to the character who you have decided to 
collect.
Home: Inferno.
Creature Type: Nepharite under the Death Angel, Chagidiel.
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Inferno: If the creature is anni-
hilated in Elysium it will be reshaped 
in Inferno.
◊◊Pact-binder: The creature can make 
pacts with humans.
◊◊Shapeshifter: The creature can alter its 
physical appearance and form at will.
Combat [4], Influence [2], Magic [4].
Combat [Powerful]
◊◊Mutilating attack (+1 Harm).
◊◊Bite of flesh from opponent (Keep it 
Together).
◊◊Attack all enemies within arm’s reach.
◊◊Grapple someone.
Influence [Novice]
◊◊Trick someone.
◊◊Know where something is.
Magic [Powerful]
◊◊Tear the Veil to Inferno.
◊◊Distort and warp rooms, streets, paths, and 
stairs.
◊◊Recreate childhood memories.
◊◊Summon flesh-eating purgatides.
Attacks
Unarmed: Grapple [0] [Distance: arm, victim trapped, 
Act Under Pressure to get away]; Bite of flesh [2] [Dis-
tance: arm, Keep it Together to not panic].
Meat cleaver: Mutilating attack [3] [Distance: arm]; Swing-
ing attacks [2] [Distance: arm, attacks anyone within 
Distance].
Magic: Summon flesh eating purgatides [–] [Distance: 
room]; Recreate childhood memory [–] [Distance: room, 
Keep it Together to escape the memory].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊She ignores the injuries.
◊◊Yelena momentarily stops to appreciate the pain.
◊◊She rips of a loose piece of flesh from the wound and 
eats it.
◊◊Yelena laughs at the attacker.
◊◊The meat cleaver is torn from Yelena’s grip.
◊◊One of Yelena’s legs is broken and drags behind her.
◊◊The hit throws Yelena prone on the ground.
◊◊The attack opens up a gaping wound in Yelena’s chest.
◊◊Yelena’s face gets mutilated, leaving her momentarily 
dazed (+1 on next attack).
◊◊The nepharite is temporarily neutralized.
153
Important NPCs

People 
and Creatures
Black Berets
The black berets are muscular men with shaved heads, 
dressed in uniforms and wearing black berets. They are 
brain-washed and perform their tasks with ice-cold 
precision. Play them as intelligently as possible.
Personality: They consider themselves as the elite in 
combat and despise everyone else. Under the con-
trol of Colonel Leskov, they believed a military coup 
would provide them with power and riches. The 
proximity to the Incarnate has corrupted them, and 
they have lost their minds.
Playing Tips: Display a stone face with cold eyes, 
even when in combat.
Equipment: AKM, Night sight, 2 extra magazines, 
Makarov, 1 extra magazine, Kevlar vest, Dagger, First 
aid kit, 2 grenades.
Home: Moscow, Elysium.
Creature Type: Human.
Abilities
◊◊Brain-washed: Can’t be Influenced or charmed.
◊◊Veteran: Has fought in several wars and 
conflicts and is knowledgeable in practical 
military tactics. Cannot be intimidated by the 
threat of violence.
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Suppressive fire (Act Under Pressure to 
move).
◊◊Activate the alarms.
◊◊Throw a grenade.
Attacks
The black berets are very well trained and do 
not lose control during combat. Their insanity 
causes them to fight unto death. They never 
retreat.
Dagger: Stab [2] [Distance: arm].
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: 
room].
AKM (assault rifle): Controlled fire [3] [Distance: 
room/field]; Full auto [3] [Distance: room, 
field, attacks up to 3 targets in close vicinity 
to each other]; Suppressive fire [2] [Distance: 
room, Act Under Pressure to move or risk 
Harm].
Grenade: Throw [4] [Distance: room, every-
one within blast area must Avoid Harm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Armor: Kevlar vest [1] [protects the wearer from bullet wounds].
Wounds (one soldier):  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Dying (but continues to fight).
◊◊Death.
Wounds (as small group):  
◊◊Someone is injured.
◊◊Someone dies. The others launch an immediate and indiscrimi-
nate counter-assault.
◊◊One or more soldiers are seriously injured.
◊◊Several dead, many wounded.
◊◊The soldiers are neutralized down to the last man.
Blobel’s Henchmen
Alexi Blobels’s three goons are large built enforcers from East 
Berlin’s most run-down neighborhoods. They are 2 meters tall and 
dressed in grey or black jogging suits of American origin. They always 
wear dark sunglasses and stare patronizingly at anyone who gets close.
Personality: The torpedoes speak in one-syllable words, if even 
that. They have an expression of boredom and some disdain on 
their faces and are only impressed by good fighters.
­Playing Tips: Push up your chin and consider the players from 
above. Stare and chew gum. Look bored. Only speak single words 
and do this with a German accent.
Equipment: Skorpion machine pistol with 3 magazines, jogging 
suit, stiletto.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Abilities
◊◊Followers: If Alexi get defeated the three torpedoes back out of 
the fight.
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Grapple & lock someone.
◊◊Charge into enemy.
◊◊Encircle one enemy (−1 on all rolls).
Attacks
The Russian torpedoes are big and heavy men who use their 
strength to crush and grapple smaller opponents. They aren’t 
afraid to take a hit, as long as it means they can get hold of the 
enemy.
Unarmed: Punch [1] [Distance: arm]; Charge into enemy [1] 
[Distance: room, victim knocked prone]; Grapple & lock [0] 
[Distance: arm, Act Under Pressure: victim remains locked until 
successful escape, a miss results in 1 Harm].
Stiletto: Stab [2] [Distance: arm].
Skorpion (submachine gun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]; Full 
auto [2] [Distance: room, may hit up to 2 targets but empties 
magazine].
154
Appendix

Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
Boy Legionaries
The soldiers surrounding the Incarnate on the Third Level 
of Missile Base M13 are young boys, who were drawn into 
Inferno from Leningrad during World War 2. They still appear 
as if they are between 10 and 15 years old, but are half-rotted, 
pierced by pieces of metal, and have open, festering wounds all 
over their bodies. They are dressed in tattered war uniforms. The 
legionaries are type of Living Dead and cannot die, in our 
sense of the word. Like other Living Dead, their body parts 
possess separate lives. They must be completely dismem-
bered to be rendered harmless, but even then the limbs live 
on. Their bodies are only destroyed in reality if they are flung 
back into Inferno. A Death Magician can summon, control, 
and expel boy legionaries.
Personality: They have spent an eternity in Inferno and only 
have vague memories of life. They are full of hatred and rage, 
which they can only release by harming each other or other 
people. They try to destroy anything reminding them of life. 
They want to turn all creatures into images of themselves. The 
boy legionaries never grow up, but still give an impression of 
being childish. They move like children, talk like children, and 
push and fight with each other.
Playing Tips: Stare as hollow-eyed as a zombie. Study the 
PCs’ bodies, as if you were going to tear them apart with your 
teeth. Speak with a childish voice. Pretend to push your com-
rades, elbow them in their sides, and act a little cocky.
Equipment: Corrupted AKM, 2 extra magazines, War uniform, 
Dagger.
Home: Inferno.
Creature Type: Creature of the inferno.
Abilities
◊◊Undead: Firearms and crushing weapons do −1 Harm. 
Cutting weapons do +1 Harm.
◊◊Unhuman: Can’t be reasoned with.
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Ignore horrible wounds.
◊◊Launch a careless attack and sustain damage in return.
◊◊Surround their opponent along with their allies [opponent 
takes −1 to all rolls].
Attacks
The boy legionaries don’t react to pain and damage as living 
creatures do. Their limbs try to reattach to their bodies when 
cut off. The legionaries don’t fear harm or death, and fight with 
a frightening resolution.
Dagger: Stab [2] [Distance: arm].
Corrupted AKM (assault rifle): Controlled fire [3] [Dis-
tance: room]; Full auto [3] [Distance: room, may hit up 
to 3 targets, must reload]. Weapon is destroyed when 
the wielder is defeated.
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊A limb is amputated, but slowly crawls back to the boy 
legionary.
◊◊A seemingly deadly wound, but doesn’t stop the creature.
◊◊The creature is cut, smashed, or torn to pieces.
Coldsouls
The coldsouls move through Leningrad in the dream and 
spread an icy cold around them. They look like wraiths, vaguely 
humanlike but translucent, as if they were created by mist or 
shadows. Their body temperature hovers close to absolute 
zero (−273,15 °C), radiating with intense cold which feels like 
an icy wind from a distance. They seem to move irregularly, 
but they are searching for the warmest point nearby.
Personality: The coldsouls seek only one thing: heat. They 
have virtually no awareness, except of the cold which tor-
ments them.
Playing Tips: Shake violently and hug yourself with your 
arms. Stare at the player’s with a feverish gaze and move 
towards them. Wail softly.
Home: Leningrad in the dream (Limbo).
Creature Type: Deformed human.
Abilities
◊◊Ethereal: Can’t be harmed by physical weapons or hin-
dered by physical objects.
◊◊Vulnerable against heat: Coldsouls can only be damaged 
by extreme heat. Any heat source with a temperature of 
200 °C or more attracts the Coldsouls. They rush into the 
heating source and are destroyed. A torch is sufficient to 
consume them.
Combat [–], Influence [–], Magic [1].
Combat [Weak]
◊◊Steal heat.
Attacks
Coldsouls consume heat. When they come within a meter 
of a human, they start drawing heat away from the person 
until the victim freezes to death or flees. Their power causes 
chilblain and potentially death.
Power: Steal heat [2] [Distance: arm, Act Under Pressure to 
flee].
Wounds & Harm Moves
(See the Abilities Ethereal and Vulnerable against heat.)
155
People and Creatures

Damned Legionaries
The damned legionaries are old camp guards and soldiers who have 
been enslaved by Chagidiel after death. Most of them have some sort 
of physical changes. They may have discolored, flaky skin, claws instead 
of nails, fangs, severe deformations, open wounds which do not heal, 
or rotting flesh. Some have artificial limbs of steel and plastic. They are 
dressed in tattered, half-rotten Russian army coats and leather hats. The 
Damned Legionaries are a form of Living Dead and cannot die in the 
normal sense. As with other Living Dead, their body parts have sepa-
rate lives. They must be completely dismembered to be pacified.
Personality: The legionaries are soldiers from Lenin­grad that were 
trapped in Inferno after death. They have vague recollections of their 
former lives, but the memories are so heavy with anxiety they try to 
suppress them. They try to destroy everything reminding them there 
still is a living world somewhere beyond the dream. What they want 
most of all is to make all creatures into reflections of themselves.
Playing Tips: Stare hollow-eyed like a zombie. Twist your face in an 
insane grin, exposing your teeth. Study the PCs’ bodies, as if you are 
thinking of tearing them apart with your teeth.
Equipment: Batons, chains, PPSh-41 submachine guns.
Home: Dream-camp S-17 (Limbo), Inferno.
Creature Type: Creature of Limbo and Inferno.
Abilities
◊◊Undead: Firearms and crushing weapons do −1 Harm. Cutting 
weapons do +1 Harm.
◊◊Inhuman: Can’t be reasoned with.
◊◊Natural weapons: The creature has weapons embedded in its body, 
either implanted or natural.
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Ignore horrible wounds.
◊◊Surround someone with others [−1 to all rolls].
◊◊Grapple someone.
Attacks
The legionaries do not react to pain and damage as living creatures do. 
Their limbs try to reattach to their bodies when severed. The legionaries 
don’t fear harm or death, fighting with a frightening resolution.
Natural weapons: Claws [2] [Distance: arm]; Bite [2] [Distance: arm]; 
Hook/bayonet [2] [Distance: arm].
Baton: Punch [2] [Distance: arm].
Chain: Swing [2] [Distance: arm]; Choke [2] [Distance: arm, Act Under 
Pressure to get away].
SPPSh-41 (submachine gun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]; Full auto 
[2] [Distance: room, may hit up to 2 targets].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊A limb is amputated, but slowly crawls back to the legionary.
◊◊A seemingly deadly wound, which doesn’t seem to stop the 
creature.
◊◊The creature is cut, smashed, or torn to pieces.
Dobermans
Sasha Pogodin has 10 dogs in his pen. They are 
trained to guard the premises, bark at intruders and 
attacking them. The guard dogs at the military bases 
also utilize these statistics.
Home: Elysium.
Creature Type: Animal.
Abilities
◊◊Sharp senses: Perfect senses, which can detect 
low noises and smells (−2 to all rolls for sneak-
ing and hiding).
Combat [2], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Novice]
◊◊Jump and render a target prone.
◊◊Bark for backup.
Attacks
The dogs seek intruders and bark until their mas-
ters come. If the intruder tries to run, the dogs are 
trained to bring them to the ground.
Jaws: Bite [2] [Distance: arm]; Jump attack [2] [Dis-
tance: arm, target gets prone].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Hurt and aggressive.
◊◊Limping away.
◊◊Death.
Dream-Cannibals
In the shadows, among the dream Leningrad’s 
ruins, the dream-cannibals are hiding. They are 
humans who are as gaunt as skeletons. A thin layer 
of skin covers their bones. Their skulls are deformed 
with the back of their head drawn out into points, 
and their jaws protrude like a predator’s. The eyes 
burn fiercely, deep in the skull. They fumble around 
the ruins, hunting for something edible. Some are 
armed with sticks or axes, others use their hands.
Personality: The dream-cannibals are driven by 
one thing only: hunger. They eat anything organic 
they can find nearby.
Playing Tips: Chew slowly with the jaws and 
stare at the players with hunger in your eyes.
Home: Leningrad in the dream (Limbo).
Creature Type: Deformed human.
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Jump from above.
◊◊Ambush prey.
◊◊Howl for more cannibals.
156
Appendix

Attacks
The dream-cannibals fight cunningly but desperately. 
They are hungry and will not let their prey get away. The 
dream-cannibals use numbers to their advantage and try 
to ambush and trap their prey.
Unarmed: Jump attack [1] [Distance: room, victim 
knocked prone]; Bite [2] [Distance: arm].
Stick: Hit [2] [Distance: arm].
Axe: Hack [2] [Distance: arm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Limping away, leaving a bloody trail.
◊◊Death: gets dragged away by other cannibals.
Dream-Cook
Pyotr’s twisted image of the Frankfurt Clinic’s female 
cook has been created from his memories of the 
kitchen in Kalenko’s house. The cook vaguely resembles 
the one in the waking world with swollen feet and broad 
shoulders, but her face is twisted and her hands are big 
and leathery.
Personality: The dream-cook sees all children as 
disrupting her work (remember, the characters 
resemble children in the dream). She must cut them 
up to work in peace. If anyone has the idea to ask 
Dr. Tatlina to shout at her, she steps aside.
Playing Tips: Pretend to hold a meat cleaver and 
look down on the players, as if you are taller than 
them. Change your expressions to make grotesque 
faces at them.
Attack Mode: Meat cleaver.
Equipment: Meat cleaver, Bloody apron.
Home: The dream-clinic (Limbo).
Creature Type: Creature of the Dream.
Abilities
◊◊Huge: Hard to grapple or knock over in 
close combat [−2 to all rolls to fight or free 
yourself].
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Scare someone.
◊◊Turn into uncontrolled violence.
◊◊Hates children [+1 Harm].
Attacks
The dream-cook is big and slow, but attacks 
with strong, aggressive attacks. She is con-
sumed by anger and attacks the nearest char-
acter without tactics or constraint. If Dr. Tatlina 
tells her to behave, she breaks off the attack 
and walks away; she only attacks children.
Meat cleaver: Chop [3] [Distance: arm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Rancid fat pours out 
of the wound [Keep it 
Together to not puke].
◊◊Dying, but continues to fight.
◊◊Death.
Dream-Creature
A creature, approximately 3 meters long and 2 meters tall, covered with 
black glossy metal. It is a large, feline creature, but with triple rows of teeth 
and an inner mouth. Long, sharp red spikes stick out of its back. The hind 
legs are jointed and bent the wrong way, with at least one joint too many. It 
has no visible eyes or ears. The creature is armed with a long black spear.
Personality: Originally a human, but perverted and forced by inappro-
priate use of the Art of Dreams to eternally live in this shape. Ravenous 
hunger and insane rage fuels the creature.
Playing Tips: Crouch up, as if you are poised to jump. Purr faintly and 
stare at the players with a contorted face.
Home: The dream worlds in Limbo.
Creature Type: Twisted human, bound to Limbo.
Abilities
◊◊Heightened senses: The creature has unnaturally sharp senses. It sees 
in darkness and are capable of tracking prey by their scent. All rolls to 
hide or flee from the creature have −2.
◊◊Natural armor: The creature is covered with a thick armor (subtract 2 
from all Harm).
◊◊Fixed Form: Immune to being transformed by Art of Dreaming.
Combat [4], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Powerful]
◊◊Throw a spear.
◊◊Ambush from the shadows.
◊◊Drag someone away.
◊◊Tear off a chunk of flesh (+2 Harm).
Attacks
The creature is filled by a ravenous hunger and insane rage, driving it to attack 
until every living human is torn to shreds.
Unarmed: Tackle [2] [Distance: arm, target is prone]; Drag away [1] [Distance: 
arm, target is dragged away in the dark with a dazzling speed].
Spear: Throw [2] [Distance: room, target is impaled on the spear, Act Under 
Pressure to get free]; Thrust [2] [Distance: room, a melee attacker must Avoid 
Harm to get in distance and have a chance to attack].
Jaws: Tear flesh [4] [Distance: arm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊The attack reflects off the armor.
◊◊A melee attack risks impaling the 
attacker on the creature’s spikes (1 
Harm).
◊◊A chunk of metal is torn away, 
revealing pale flesh.
◊◊The creature lets out an inhuman 
roar (Keep it Together to not flee).
◊◊The creature devolves into a killing 
frenzy (it inflicts +1 Harm).
◊◊The creature is badly hurt and 
flees into the darkness.
◊◊The skull is cracked open, 
revealing a deformed, human 
face.
◊◊The creature is temporarily 
subdued.
◊◊The creature dies with a tor-
tured scream, uncomfort-
ably similar to a human’s.
157
People and Creatures

Dream-Incarnate of Chagidiel
The Incarnate is a short, swarthy, man in his 40s. He is 
dressed in a badly tailored, black synthetic suit of Eastern 
European make with worn-out elbows. His black hair hangs 
in long wisps and he is unshaved.
Personality: The Incarnate can be flattering and charm-
ing, if he wants to. He wants to remove all hopes and 
dreams in his victims. He attempts to create a sense of 
hopelessness, so one might as well give up and submit.
Playing Tips: Be patronizing. Hold your head high and 
laugh in contempt. Pretend to be friendly, but with a 
threatening undertone.
Home: Chagidiel’s Dream-Inferno (Limbo).
Creature Type: Incarnate of the Death Angel, Chagidiel.
Abilities
◊◊Bound to Higher Power: Bound to the Death Angel, 
Chagidiel.
◊◊Master of suffering: In possession of the highest knowl-
edge of how to break someone through pain, abase-
ment, and suffering (−2 on all rolls to resist the torture).
◊◊Swirling chains: To attack the Dream-Incarnate in melee, 
the character first must Avoid Harm to get past his 
chains.
◊◊Master of the Dream: Immune to being transformed by 
Art of Dreaming.
Combat [3], Influence [2], Magic [4].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Chain someone.
◊◊Attack several targets at once.
◊◊Drag someone to him.
Influence [Exceptional]
◊◊Offer someone help.
◊◊Tell convincing lies.
Magic [Powerful]
◊◊Master (IV) in the Lore of 
Dream.
◊◊Commanding voice.
◊◊Manipulate the 
Dream-Inferno.
◊◊Produce purgatides.
Attacks
The Dream-Incarnate conjures long chains, which he swings 
in circles to crush and snare his victims. His goal is to kill the 
characters and imprison Pyotr, using all his available powers 
to do so. If the Incarnate notices the opponents are strong, he 
uses his Commanding voice to turn them against each other, or 
produces purgatides to fight against them. The Dream-Incar-
nate is also capable of manipulating the vast hall, making the 
floor shatter and hooked chains attack from the ceiling.
Chains: Sweeping attack [2] [Distance: room, all within dis-
tance must Avoid Harm]; Chain [1] [Distance: room, Act Under 
Pressure to break free]; Drag to him [1] [Distance: room, target 
is dragged to Distance: arm].
Unarmed: Crush [3] [Distance: arm].
Magic: Manipulate the environment [2] [Distance: field, area]; Com-
manding voice [–] [Distance: room, target must Keep it Together or 
follow an order from the Incarnate]; Produce purgatides [–] [Distance: 
room, three purgatides rise from the ground].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Ignore the injuries.
◊◊The Incarnate turns his focus on the most recent attacker and 
ignores the others.
◊◊In an uncontrollable rage, he makes parts of the floor explode, 
leaving a hole down to the Abyss (all opponents in front of the 
Incarnate must Avoid Harm).
◊◊The Incarnate immediately tries to snare the attacker with an 
angry roar (Avoid Harm).
◊◊The Dream-Incarnate’s face is horribly disfigured.
◊◊The attack cuts open his big belly, revealing rotten intestines.
◊◊One of the chains is ripped out of the Incarnate’s hands (+1 to 
avoid the chains).
◊◊The Incarnate is dazed and slowed for a moment (+1 to next 
attack).
◊◊The Dream-Incarnate falls to the ground (+2 Harm on next 
attack).
◊◊The Dream-Incarnate fades away.
Dream-Orderlies
The orderlies at the Frankfurt Clinic in the dream are huge, white-
clad creatures armed with syringes and straight-jackets. They speak in 
relaxed, sedating voices, but have constant, sadistic smiles, as if some-
thing horrible is will happen to anyone who ends up in their “care”. 
Their facial features are almost human, but cartoonishly exaggerated. 
Their hands are big and veiny. They move slowly, but are incredibly 
strong if they succeed in getting a victim into a corner.
Personality: The dream-orderlies are created out of Pyotr Gallen-
tinov’s nightmares. They seek to sedate everyone they can get 
hold of, and then torment them for an eternity.
Playing Tips: Smile courteously, but a little too much, so your 
face contorts. Speak softly and coaxingly. Try to establish 
eye-contact with the player. If they do not avoid it, fix them with 
a paralyzing stare.
Equipment: Injection syringes with sedatives.
Home: The dream-clinic (Limbo).
Creature Type: Creature of the dream.
Abilities
◊◊Huge: Hard to grapple or knock over in close combat 
[−2 to all rolls to fight or free yourself].
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [1].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Inject with sedative.
◊◊Grapple and hold 
someone.
◊◊Surround someone (−1 to all 
rolls).
Magic [Weak]
◊◊Paralyzing stare
158
Appendix

Attacks
The dream-orderlies are slow, but strong. They use 
their paralyzing stares to trap their victims, and then 
grapple or inject them.
Unarmed: Grapple and hold [1] [Distance: arm, Act 
Under Pressure to get loose]; Punch [2] [Distance: arm].
Syringe with sedative: Inject [2] [Distance: arm, Endure 
Injury: target is Knocked out on a miss].
Magic: Paralyzing stare [–] [Distance. room, Keep it 
Together to break free].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊A bleeding wound.
◊◊Dying but continues 
to fight.
◊◊Death.
German Police
If the German police and the Interpol succeed in obtaining 
sufficient evidence against the player characters, they start 
hunting them. The German police are dressed in forest-green 
uniforms with green berets, and officers in administrative 
positions have beige shirts and green ties.
Personality: Varies.
Playing Tips: Be strict. Give short orders.
Equipment: Baton, SIG Sauer P225 pistol, Handcuffs, 
Walkie-­talkie. Will equip Heckler & Koch MP5 SMG’s and 
Kevlar vests, if they suspect the PCs are armed.
Home: Elysium.
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [3], Influence [2], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Place under arrest.
◊◊Call for backup.
◊◊Surround target.
Influence [Novice]
◊◊Know a secret.
◊◊Use contact in the crimi-
nal underworld.
Attacks
The police use their numbers to encircle and trap their targets. 
The first strategy is always to call for reinforcements in con-
frontations with armed and dangerous criminals.
Expandable baton: Melee attack [2] [Distance: arm]
SIG Sauer P225 (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]
Heckler & Koch MP5 (submachine gun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: 
room]; Full auto [2] [Distance: room, may hit up to 2 targets].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Armor: Bulletproof vest [1] [protects the wearer from bullet 
wounds]
Wounds:  
◊◊Retreat to safety.
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Badly injured.
◊◊Dead.
Guards
The guards outside the weapons stor-
age and in the drug factory are collected 
from gangs in Berlin. They are dressed in 
tattered jeans and military jackets. Half 
of them are addicts and have a wild stare 
and unpleasantly large pupils. They are 
not particularly professional or attentive, 
spending more time posturing for each 
other than guarding. They do not conceal 
their weapons.
Personality: Brutal and violent young men 
who risk everything for money. They try to 
get away if they come to think their lives 
are in danger. They will tell everything they 
know, if under the threat of torture or death.
Playing Tips: Pretend to weigh the assault 
rifle with your hands. Smoke and look non-
chalantly around you. Throw your hair around. 
Speak in one-syllable words and stutter.
Equipment: AKM (assault rifle), 2 extra maga-
zines, H&K VP70Z, Dagger, ½ gram of hashish.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [2], Influence [1], Magic [–].
Combat [Novice]
◊◊Riddle the environment with bullets.
◊◊Search for intruders.
Influence [Weak]
◊◊Disclose something about Germanische 
Gemeinschaft or Slava (see Leads at Harmann’s 
Mechanical, p. 94).
Attacks
The guards use lethal violence when they feel threat-
ened, but act stressed and don’t think clearly while 
under attack. More composed opponents can easy 
outsmart them.
Dagger: Stab [2] [Distance: arm].
H&K VP70Z (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]
AKM (assault rifle): Full auto [3] [Distance: room, field, 
attacks up to 3 targets in close vicinity to each other].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
159
People and Creatures

Harcombe’s Novices
Nigel Harcombe’s followers are young Satanists, who hope 
to use their magical knowledge to create a better life in the 
uncertain Soviet Union. They are eight men and six women 
between 25 and 40 years old. Six of them are Russians. The 
others are English and Americans who fled together with 
Harcombe after he was forced to leave eastern Europe.
Personality: They are ruthless and prepared to sacrifice 
anything and everyone around them.
Playing Tips: Press your fingertips against each other. Say 
banal occult things.
Equipment: Makarov handgun.
Magic: Lore of Death.
Home: Moscow (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [1], Influence [1], Magic [1].
Combat [Weak]
◊◊Flee from a conflict.
Influence [Powerful]
◊◊Reveal something about Harcombe’s doings.
Magic [Weak]
◊◊Novice (I) in the Lore of Death.
Attacks
The novices defend themselves if they are attacked, but try 
to get away uninjured rather than fight when not entirely 
necessary.
Unarmed: Punch [1] [Distance: arm].
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
Ivan Pogodin’s Henchmen
Pogodin and Kalenko’s minions are summoned from Len-
ingrad’s criminal underworld: ruthless murderers and black 
market loan-sharks. They are robust men between 20 and 30 
years old, dressed in dark, old-fashioned pants and shirts stained 
with blood and bodily fluids.
Personality: Ice-cold murderers who obey Pogodin’s every 
order. They are completely loyal. They know that if what has 
been going on in the city was to be revealed, they would never 
get away alive.
Playing Tips: Keep your expressions and voice under total 
control, but lose control occasionally.
Equipment: Makarov, 3 extra magazines, Knife, Shotgun 
caliber 12.
Home: Leningrad 1941 (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Jump someone from behind, or as a sudden attack.
◊◊Knock someone or something over.
◊◊Encircle one enemy (−1 on all rolls).
Attacks
The henchmen try to kill the intruders and know they don’t have 
the luxury of failure. They fight desperately and use the house to 
ambush the intruders.
Unarmed: Tackle [1] [Distance: arm, the victim falls prone].
Knife: Stab [2] [Distance: arm].
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
Shotgun caliber 12: Single shot [3] [Distance: room]; Both barrels 
[4] [Distance: room, hits up to 2 targets standing together].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
KGB Commandos
The commando soldiers are well-trained with short hair and black 
clothes. They are perceptive and obedient, refraining from 
talking unless necessary.
Personality: The soldiers have been through tough condi-
tioning and are completely loyal to the KGB. They do their job 
and do not question orders. All attempts at conversation not 
regarding the imminent mission are met with unsympathetic 
stares and shrugs.
Playing Tips: Say “Da, tovarisdz kapitan” all the time and pre-
tend to polish your weapon. Look around you attentively.
Equipment: AKM, Night sight, 2 extra magazines, Makarov, 
1 extra magazine, Kevlar vest, Passive camouflage suit, Army 
helmet, Gas mask, IR goggles, Dagger, First aid kit, Smoke 
grenade.
Home: Moscow (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Abilities
◊◊Veteran: Has fought in several wars and conflicts and is 
knowledgeable in practical military tactics. Is not intimi-
dated by the threat of violence.
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Suppressing fire (characters can move without risk of 
Harm).
◊◊Join or launch a coordinated attack (all characters get 
+2 Harm to next attack).
◊◊Perform first aid (stabilizes one Serious Wound or 
Critical Wound).
160
Appendix

Attacks
The commandos fight as a unit against any threat they face. 
The soldiers can aid the characters in their conflicts, but 
also neutralize enemies by themselves.
Dagger: Stab [2] [Distance: arm].
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room].
AKM (assault rifle): Controlled fire [3] [Distance: room/field]; 
Full auto [3] [Distance: room, field, attacks up to 3 targets 
in close vicinity to each other].
Smoke grenade: Throw [–] [Distance: room, hides all allies].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Armor: Kevlar vest [1] [protects the wearer from bullet 
wounds]
Wounds (one soldier):  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Dying (but continues to fight).
◊◊Death.
Wounds (group):  
◊◊Someone is injured.
◊◊A few soldiers are lightly 
injured.
◊◊One or more soldiers are 
seriously injured.
◊◊One or more soldiers die.
◊◊Decreased morale, some-
one wants to retreat.
◊◊Several dead, many 
wounded.
◊◊The soldiers retreat 
from the threat.
◊◊Many dead, total 
panic.
◊◊The soldiers are 
neutralized down to 
the last man.
Living Dead
Filip has turned the two previous tenants – a  man and 
woman in their 30s – into Living Dead in an aban-
doned apartment building on Duckenstraße 43. They 
are dressed in soiled clothes, covering everything except 
for their heads. Their mouths are sewn shut with uneven 
stitches. Their flesh is swollen, emitting the strong scent 
of rot. They attack anyone entering Filip’s section of 
the apartment, trying to drive the intruders out.
Personality: They lack any other drive than follow-
ing Filip’s orders and protect the apartment from 
intruders. They attack anything that moves.
Playing Tips: Look at the players with rage. Groan 
with your mouth shut.
Home: Berlin, Elysium.
­Creature Type: Creature of Death.
Abilities
◊◊Undead: Firearms and crushing weapons do 
−1 Harm. Cutting weapons do +1 Harm.
◊◊Inhuman: Can’t be reasoned with.
◊◊Rotting: PC must Keep it Together to not get 
nauseous in the creature’s presence.
­Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Ignore horrible wounds.
◊◊Grapple someone with 
inhuman strength.
◊◊Tear someone apart.
Attacks
The Living Dead doesn’t react to pain and damage as living creatures 
do. Their limbs try to re-attach to their bodies when cut off. The try to 
tear their opponents apart in an insane rage at the living.
Natural weapons: Grapple and hold [1] [Distance: arm, act under pres-
sure to break free]; Tear apart [2] [Distance: arm, victim must be held]; 
Hit [1] [Distance: arm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊A limb is amputated, but 
slowly crawls back to the 
creature.
◊◊A seemingly deadly wound, but 
doesn’t seem to stop the creature.
◊◊The creature is cut, smashed, or 
torn to pieces.
Medical Orderlies
The orderlies at the Frankfurt Clinic consist mainly of men, but there are 
some female staff. They dress in white shirts and trousers.
Personality: The orderlies around the more violent patients are usually 
hired for their combination emotional distance and experience following 
orders. They are used to handling unruly patients and are not afraid to 
take care of violent intruders.
Playing Tips: Look suspicious and be somewhat uninterested. If violence 
breaks out, talk slowly – like you would to a small child – while staring the 
character that you are talking to straight in the eyes. “Calm down. It’ll be fine.”
Equipment: Keys (to different doors), syringe with sedative.
Home: Frankfurt an der Oder (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [3], Influence [2], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Inject with sedative.
◊◊Grapple and hold someone.
◊◊Surround someone (−1 to all 
rolls).
Influence [Novice]
◊◊Open a locked door.
◊◊Know something about the 
patients.
Attacks
The orderlies are trained to take care of unruly patients together by sur-
rounding them, grappling and holding them down, and then injecting 
them with sedative. If threatened or attacked by firearms, the orderlies 
will immediately back down.
Unarmed: Grapple and hold [1] [Distance: arm, Act Under Pressure to 
get loose]; Punch [1] [Distance: arm].
Syringe with sedative: Inject [2] [Distance: arm, Endure Injury: target is 
Knocked out on a miss].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death
161
People and Creatures

Members of Slava
Slava’s members are largely young men who think they 
come from Russian nobility, justifiably or not. They dress in 
old-fashioned uniforms with sabres in scabbards, keep their 
hair trimmed, and cultivate big curly mustaches and small 
goatees. They address each other with more or less fictitious 
titles and follow rigid protocols.
Personality: Slava consists of Russian nationalists, who 
refuse to look toward the future and would rather turn back 
time. They cultivate anti-Semitic hatred and regard the revo-
lution as the fault of Jews and other non-Slavic elements.
Playing Tips: Come up with blunt nationalistic phrases. 
Hold your head high. Speak with a nasally voice.
Equipment: Makarov, 2 extra magazines, Nationalist pam-
phlets, cavalry sabre in a scabbard.
Home: Moscow (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [2], Influence [1], Magic [–].
Combat [Novice]
◊◊Flank and surround [−1 on all rolls until free].
◊◊Cry for reinforcements.
Influence [Weak]
◊◊Disclose something about Slava (see Dinner at Slava, 
p. 102).
Attacks
The guards in Slava are well-trained and disciplined. 
Many of them are former soldiers and remain cool-
headed under pressure. They try to use their numbers 
to surround and flank their opponents.
Cavalry sabre: Stab [2] [Distance: arm]; Momentum [1] 
[Distance: arm, attack up to 2 enemies].
Makarov (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: 
room].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
Missile Base Engineers
The technical staff on the base have been 
distorted by Chagidiel. Their skin is covered 
by boils and fungal infections. Their flesh is 
rotting and gradually falling off. Their skel-
etons have transformed into steel frames 
controlled by mechanic hydraulics, which 
are exposed where the skin and flesh are 
missing. The change has happened 
quickly, only since Strelkov came to 
the base. They have devolved into 
complete insanity from what has 
happened to them and their prox-
imity to the Incarnate.
They do their job, but otherwise act more like automatons than 
humans. They sometimes ignore intruders on the base, concentrat-
ing on their work.
Personality: In a state of permanent shock. Act unpredictably and 
as if they have lost all abilities to relate with other people.
Playing Tips: Work with imaginary tools. Tear at your arm and 
pretend to remove parts of your own flesh. Stare straight ahead 
and speak in a distant voice.
Home: Missile Base M13 (Elysium/Inferno).
Creature Type: Creature of Inferno.
Abilities
◊◊Insane: Can’t be reasoned with.
◊◊Body of metal and machinery: All Harm taken is reduced by −1.
◊◊Natural weapons: The creature have a weapon embedded in 
body, either implanted or natural.
Combat [1], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Weak]
◊◊Burst into sudden, senseless violence.
Attacks
The engineers are so mentally twisted they no longer react as 
rational humans. Sometimes they ignore intruders, and other 
times attack them.
Natural weapons: Claws [2] [Distance: arm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊A chunk of rotten flesh falls off, revealing mechanic 
hydraulics.
◊◊The engineer falls to the ground, but stands up some 
moments later.
◊◊A seemingly deadly wound, which doesn’t seem to stop the 
creature.
◊◊The creature falls dead to the floor.
Neo-Nazis
The members of Germanische Gemeinschaft are typical neo-Na-
zis. They have shaved heads or short hair, and wear tattered jeans 
and synthetic, military wool, or leather jackets. Revolvers hang 
clumsily and obviously from their hip or shoulder holsters. They 
wear heavy boots.
Personality: The Germanische Gemeinschaft members are 
brutal and fanatical. They regard everyone outside the group 
with distrust, especially foreigners and liberals. Violence is 
considered the best solution to any problem. The strongest one 
is always right.
Playing Tips: Cross your arms or act like you are playing with 
a large-caliber handgun. Chew gum with your mouth half open.
Equipment: Dagger, knuckle-duster, H&K VP70Z (handgun), 
steel-tipped boots.
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [2], Influence [1], Magic [–].
162
Appendix

Combat [Novice]
◊◊Knock or trip someone prone.
◊◊Burst into extreme violence against someone.
Influence [Weak]
◊◊Disclose something about Germanische 
Gemeinschaft.
Attacks
The neo-Nazis are prone to violence and don’t 
care if their opponents are seriously wounded or 
killed. They like to show their strength and humiliate 
defeated enemies. The neo-Nazis will flee or give up, 
if they’re critically wounded or outnumbered.
Knuckle-duster: Punch [1] [Distance: arm]; Knock 
down [1] [Distance: arm, victim gets knocked prone].
Dagger: Stab [2] [Distance: arm].
Steel-tipped boots: Tripping kick [1] [Distance: arm, 
victims gets tripped prone]; Head kicks [2] [Distance: 
arm, victim must be prone].
H&K VP70Z (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Death.
Parent Creatures
In the Dream-Leningrad, the PCs meet distorted images of 
their own parents. At first, the player characters believe it 
is their parents. They are almost 3 meters tall, as if the PCs 
were small children by comparison. Every character sees their 
own parents in the creatures. After a short while, they trans-
form into grotesque caricatures of people. Their eyes slide into 
dark sockets, mouths slobber, and hands change to long claws 
of steel.
Personality: The creatures think of the characters as their 
children, who must be punished in the most horrible way 
possible.
Playing Tips: Talk as if you are speaking to a child, with a 
slight, hysterical undertone. Hold the players by their hands 
or on their shoulder.
Home: Leningrad in the dream (Limbo).
Creature Type: Creature of the dream.
Abilities
◊◊Huge: Hard to grapple or knock over in close combat [−2 to 
all rolls to fight or free yourself].
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Lift someone.
◊◊Burst into uncontrolled violence.
◊◊Natural weapons.
Attacks
The parent creatures treats the character like disobedi-
ent children. They lift them by their arms, ears, necks, 
and hair, and then drag them away. If the character 
fights back, the creatures devolve into raging violence, 
trying to tear the character into pieces.
Unarmed: Painful hold [1] [Distance: arm, Act Under Pres-
sure to break free].
Claws: Tear flesh [2] [Distance: arm].
Bite: Chew [serious wound] [Distance: arm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Laughs insanely.
◊◊Dying, but continues 
to fight.
◊◊Death.
Quisquilles
The quisquilles are born in the underground tunnel-systems 
where Metropolis meets Inferno. They look like water-logged, swol-
len corpses, who have melted together with junk and debris from the 
sewer. Corroded pieces of metal and half-melted plastic have adhered 
to their swollen flesh.
Personality: They lack any other drive than the desire to eat and 
grow. They attack anything that moves.
Playing Tips: Act like an extra slow-witted zombie.
Home: The Underworld.
Creature Type: Creature of the Underworld.
Abilities
◊◊Undead: Firearms and crushing weapons do −1 Harm. Cutting 
weapons do +1 Harm.
◊◊Inhuman: Can’t be reasoned with.
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Ignore horrible wounds.
◊◊Drag someone into the water.
◊◊Natural weapons (fangs, claws, and artificial limbs).
Attacks
The quisquilles doesn’t react to pain and damage as living crea-
tures do. Their limbs try to re-attach to their bodies when cut off. 
The quisquilles try to eat their opponents while still alive.
Natural weapons: Claws [2] [Distance: arm]; Bite [2] [Distance: 
arm]; Rusty metal [2] [Distance: arm]; Drag under water [–] [Dis-
tance: arm, Act Under Pressure to break free, −1 to all rolls while 
in the sewer water].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊A limb is ampu-
tated, but slowly 
crawls back to the 
quisquille.
◊◊A seemingly deadly wound, but 
doesn’t seem to stop the creature.
◊◊The creature is cut, smashed, or 
torn to pieces.
163
People and Creatures

Sasha Pogodin’s 
Bodyguards
Pogodin’s bodyguards are professionals. 
They work in pairs and are constantly in close 
proximity to the mafia leader. They pat down 
everyone who comes close to Pogodin and get 
between their boss and all potential harm. The 
bodyguards are tall, broad, and muscular. They are 
dressed in well-tailored suits and leather jackets or 
heavy woolen coats.
Personality: The bodyguards seldom speak and if 
they do it’s usually to ask questions to suspicious 
people. They never let their guard down, even if 
they are subjected to charm or manipulation.
Playing Tips: Let your gaze pan across the sur-
roundings. Shake your shoulders to keep muscles 
unclenched. Try to look combat-ready attentive. 
Look at the players testily and focus on the shoul-
ders, waist, crotch, and ankles.
Equipment: H&K VP70M with 2 magazines, Uzi SMG 
with 3 magazines (only in Sasha’s house, see Chap-
ter 1, p. 44).
Home: Berlin (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Abilities
◊◊Cold: Can’t be influenced or charmed.
◊◊Melee trained: All melee attacks does +1 Harm.
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Disarm an opponent.
◊◊Protect Sasha with their life (take all Harm).
◊◊Grapple & lock someone.
Attacks
Sasha’s bodyguards are trained to disarm and subdue 
threats and intruders. They are skilled in booth melee 
and ranged combat, but only use deadly force if the threat 
severe. If deadly force is directed against Sasha, any body-
guards in the vicinity do anything, even take the hit, to 
protect their boss.
Unarmed: Punch/kick [2] [Distance: arm]; Grapple & lock 
[0/2] [Distance: arm, Act Under Pressure: victim locked until 
successful escape, a miss results in 2 Harm].
H&K VP70M (handgun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]
Uzi (submachine gun): Aimed shots [2] [Distance: room]; Full 
auto [2] [Distance: room, may hit up to 2 targets but empties 
magazine].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
Soldiers
The soldiers have short cut hair and are well-
trained, even if some of them are somewhat 
unshaven and skinny. They are dressed in creased 
uniforms, most often of wrong size. The two 
guards who watch the characters in the prison 
do not have AKMs, but rather Skorpion subma-
chine guns.
Personality: The soldiers are dejected and 
cynical. They do not believe the state has any 
ability to save Russia. They are opting for Slava 
and Leskov’s military coup in the hope of gain-
ing some short-term advantages for themselves 
amidst the chaos that would erupt with a civil 
war.
Playing Tips: Make raw jokes about the miserable 
condition of the army. Beg for cigarettes and play 
the role of the cynical soldier who has come to see 
the futility of war, but doesn’t have anything better 
to do.
Equipment: AKM (prison guards have a AKS-74U 
submachine gun instead), 1 extra magazine, Bayo-
net, Army helmet, Combat uniform, Gas mask, First 
aid kit.
Home: Moscow (Elysium).
Creature Type: Human.
Combat [2], Influence [1], Magic [–].
Combat [Novice]
◊◊Incapacitate an opponent.
◊◊Grab hold of someone and drag the victim away.
Influence [Weak]
◊◊Disclose something about Slava or General 
Strelkov (see Leads at the Air Force Base, p. 115).
Attacks
The guards are used to violence and will not break 
under violent threats. They don’t kill anyone if ordered 
to let them live. Other intruders are seen as free target 
practice.
Unarmed: Grapple and hold [–] [Distance: arm, victim 
must Act Under Pressure to break free].
Bayonet: Stab [2] [Distance: arm].
Skorpion (submachine gun): Full auto [2] [Distance: room, 
attacks up to 2 targets in close vicinity to each other].
AKM (assault rifle): Controlled fire [3] [Distance: room, 
field]; Aim for leg [2] [Distance: room, the victim’s leg is 
hit].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Subdued.
◊◊Dying (but can be saved).
◊◊Death.
164
Appendix

Twisted Mental Patients
Patients with severe physical changes have been kept 
in the basement below the Frankfurt Clinic for the last 
couple of years. Some of them were deformed even 
before they came from Leningrad; others have changed 
physically during the years at the hospital. When the PCs 
visit the hospital, it is unlikely they will actually confront 
the patients. But when they return to the Frankfurt Clinic 
in the dream, they meet the deformed patients who hunt 
them through the hospital.
The most severely deformed patients barely look human. They 
have fish-like eyes and lack body hair. Their hands end in large 
claws and their faces are dominated by strong jaws. On some of 
them, the skin is peeling back and soiled plastic or metal can be 
seen underneath. Some of them have tentacles instead of hair. 
They are dressed in hospital robes tied in the back and covered 
with vomit and blood.
Personality: The patients are completely insane. They roar 
and drool and yank at the bars. They cannot think coherently, 
derailed by their confused emotions.
Playing Tips: Roll your eyes, roar, tear at your body, and grasp 
for the players, as if you were trying to tear them apart.
Home: Frankfurt Clinic (Elysium/Dream Clinic, Limbo).
Creature Type: Deformed human.
Abilities
◊◊Night vision: The twisted mental patients can see in the dark.
◊◊Inhuman strength: All rolls for grappling with the creature 
have −2.
Combat [3], Influence [–], Magic [–].
Combat [Considerable]
◊◊Charge into someone.
◊◊Hide in the dark [−1 to fight or detect the twisted mental patient].
◊◊Drag someone away.
Attacks
The twisted mental patients fight like animals, ripping and biting 
through their opponent’s flesh. They want to have their prey to them-
selves, so they try to drag away fallen enemies to eat them.
Unarmed: Charge [1] [Distance: room, victim knocked prone]; Lift and 
throw down [1] [Distance: arm, acting under threat to get loose]; Drag 
away [1] [Distance: arm, victim gets dragged away into the darkness]; 
Bite/claw [2] [Distance: arm].
Wounds & Harm Moves
Wounds:  
◊◊Scratches.
◊◊Raging against the attacker.
◊◊Limping away, leaving a bloody trail.
◊◊Death.
165
People and Creatures

Authors 
Gunilla Jonsson 
Michael Petersén 
Additional Material 2018 Edition 
Marco Behrmann 
Mattiaz Fredriksson 
Robin Liljenberg 
Petter Nallo
Lead Graphic Designer 
Dan Algstrand of STOCKHOLM KARTELL
Translator 
Torben Rygg
Editor 
Jason Fryer
Proofreader 
Jacqueline Bryk 
Alex Obernigg
Layout & Prepress 
Dan Algstrand
Cover Artwork 
Bastien Lecouffe-Deharme
Artists 
Marcin Tomalak 
Anton Semenov 
Adrian Smith 
Jens Jonsson 
Paolo Parente
Cabinet Licensing 
Fredrik Malmberg 
Joakim Zetterberg
© 2018 Cabinet Licensing LLC. KULT and related logos, characters, names, and distinctive likenesses thereof 
are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cabinet Licensing LLC. Used with permission. All rights reserved.
Game system © 2018 Helmgast AB. KULT: Divinity Lost is developed and published by Helmgast AB.
Special Thanks 
Red Moon Roleplaying, for their inspirational and professional Podcast, featuring KULT: Divinity Lost, 
and a playthrough of The Black Madonna. (www.redmoonroleplaying.com).
Helmgast AB 
Marco Behrmann, Paul Dali, Martin Fröjd, Niklas Fröjd,  
Petter Nallo, Krister Sundelin, Anton Wahnström
Please visit us online! 
kultdivinitylost.com 
www.facebook.com/kultdivinitylost 
helmgast.se
Print 
Spindulio spaustuvé 
Kaunas, Lithuania 2018
ISBN 
978-91-984416-4-2


Index
Additional Rules  136
The Art of Dreaming  65, 136
Open Locked Doors  136
Important NPCs  137
Alexi Blobel  24, 33, 137
Krister Blühme  90, 137
Ivan Chezenko  55, 57, 127, 128, 138
Leonard Freude  87, 88, 91, 138
Pyotr Gallentinov  59, 61, 
71, 73, 74, 83, 139
Fyodor Gregoritch  102, 103, 105, 139
Nigel Harcombe  103, 108, 140
Alfred Hausser  90, 95, 140
Siegfried Hinderman  95, 96, 97, 141
Nikolay Kalenko  130, 141
Filip Kramer  23, 36, 39, 44, 49, 142
Helga Krausst  39, 40, 43, 142
Colonel Roman Leskov  110, 114, 142
Anton Mahler  23, 43, 44, 49, 143
Reinhold Messner  88, 90, 144
Magda Orlova  23, 28, 144
Aleksandr “Sasha” Pogodin  23, 
43, 49, 144
Ivan Pogodin  130, 145
Hans Georg Richter  31, 36, 37, 146
Dr. Helmut Schafer  36, 58, 60, 68, 146
Albert Schossel  90, 147
Heidi Schmidt  89, 147
Zoya Selivanova  101, 106, 
115, 122, 125, 148
General Strelkov  120, 148
Dr. Natalya Tatlina  62, 67, 149
The Three Nepharites  50, 55, 
61, 82, 133, 134, 152

 Alyona  52, 152

 Katya  53, 152

 Yelena  50, 153
Ilya Topov  110, 115, 150
Ernst Vogel  87, 91, 93, 150
The Wanderer  65, 134, 151
Locations
Air Force Base F3  110
The Black Cathedral  125
Dream Camp S-17  72
The Dream Clinic  66
Dream Leningrad  76
The Frankfurt Clinic  57
The Germanische Gemeinschaft 
Headquarters  87
Harcombe’s Residence  107
Harmann’s Mechanical  92
Kalenko’s House  78, 79, 81, 130
Magda’s Berlin Apartment  27
Magda’s Hamburg Apartment  25
Missile Base M13  116
Pogodin’s Mansion  45
Slava’s Headquarters  103
The Slavic Association’s 
Headquarters  39

 Black Sun Publishing  40
St. John’s Church  79
Toxic Café  95
People and Creatures  154
Black Berets  117, 118, 119, 121, 122, 154
Blobel’s Henchmen  56, 154
Boy Legionaries  120, 121, 155
Coldsouls  76, 155
Damned Legionaries  72, 73, 
74, 76, 77, 125, 129, 156
Dobermans  45, 46, 112, 156
Dream-Cannibals  76, 156
Dream-Cook  67, 157
Dream-Creature  66, 157
Dream-Incarnate of 
Chagidiel  82, 83, 157
Dream-Orderlies  68, 69, 71, 158
German Police  24, 158
Guards  93, 95, 96, 95
Hans Georg Richter  34
Harcombe’s Novices  107, 108, 160
Ivan Pogodin’s Henchmen  130, 
131, 132, 160
KGB Commandos  110, 115, 117, 160
Living Dead  45, 52, 161
Medical Orderlies  59, 105, 161
Members of Slava  102, 
103, 104, 105, 162
Missile Base Engineers  117, 
118, 119, 121, 162
Neo-Nazis  87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 96, 162
Parent Creatures  78, 163
Quisquilles  75, 163
Sasha Pogodin’s Bodyguards  44, 
45, 46, 164
Soldiers  109, 110, 111, 112, 
113, 114, 121, 164
Twisted Mental Patients  61, 69, 165




The Black Madonna
When the new year’s eve of 1941 shifts to 1942, all the candles 
extinguish in the churches of Leningrad. The Saint’s faces turn 
to black. The fabric of reality tears. When morning comes, 
twenty priests are found dead by their own hands.
A silent girl with many secrets is found in a closed off basement. 
No one knows who she is or where she lives. With no other options 
available, she is taken to an orphanage where nothing is as it seems.
The same cold winter night, Dimi, an old icon painter, meets a strange 
woman on his way home. She reveals her face to him and gives him a 
command, then walks away. Back in his small apartment, he immediately 
starts painting a new icon. An icon depicting a Black Madonna.
◊
The Black Madonna is a legendary KULT campaign previously unreleased 
outside of Sweden and France. Its six separate episodes lead the 
player characters into a haunting adventure connected to the Death 
Angel Chagidiel and the Archon Binah, and their servants.
Taking place in 1991 and set in a recently reunified Germany, the journey 
will lead the player characters into a Soviet Union on the brink of collapse, 
to unlock the mystery of what actually happened in Leningrad during 
World War 2. During the campaign, they will be taken to a world of dark dreams, 
and venture into the depths of Inferno, trying to save themselves.
The Black Madonna is written for KULT: Divinity Lost and has been updated 
with a completely new chapter describing the world of 1991 and new 
rules for creating characters connected to the setting and story.
◊
The Black Madonna is meant for an Adult audience.
You need KULT: Divinity Lost to play The Black Madonna.
9 789198 441642
ISBN 978-91-984416-4-2
HG13001KDL035
